---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2015 First CFP"
author: "Sean Weaver"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "The next SAT conference is taking place in Austin. Check the submission deadline now!"
link: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~marijn/sat15/
---
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------

                         CALL FOR PAPERS

              Eighteenth International Conference on
        THEORY AND APPLICATIONS OF SATISFIABILITY TESTING
                         --- SAT 2015 ---

                Austin, Texas, September 24-27, 2015

         Abstract submission deadline: April 22, 2015
            Paper submission deadline: April 29, 2015

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

The International Conference on Theory and Applications of
Satisfiability Testing (SAT) is the premier annual meeting for
researchers focusing on the theory and applications of the
propositional satisfiability problem, broadly construed. In addition
to plain propositional satisfiability, it also includes Boolean
optimization (such as MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints),
Quantified Boolean Formulas (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories
(SMT), and Constraint Programming (CP) for problems with clear
connections to Boolean-level reasoning.

Many hard combinatorial problems can be tackled using SAT-based
techniques including problems that arise in Formal Verification,
Artificial Intelligence, Operations Research, Computational Biology,
Cryptography, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Mathematics, et
cetera. Indeed, the theoretical and practical advances in SAT research
over the past twenty years have contributed to making SAT technology
an indispensable tool in a variety of domains.

SAT 2015 aims to further advance the field by soliciting original
theoretical and practical contributions in these areas with a clear
connection to Satisfiability. Specifically, SAT 2015 invites
scientific contributions addressing different aspects of SAT
interpreted in a broad sense, including (but not restricted to)
theoretical advances (such as exact algorithms, proof complexity, and
other complexity issues), practical search algorithms, knowledge
compilation, implementation-level details of SAT solvers and SAT-based
systems, problem encodings and reformulations, applications (including
both novel application domains and improvements to existing
approaches), as well as case studies and reports on findings based on
rigorous experimentation.

SAT 2015 takes place in Austin, Texas, and is co-locating with the
fifteenth Formal Methods in Computer-Aided Design (FMCAD) conference.
Austin, the capital of Texas, is a college town and a center of
alternative culture away from the major cities on the American coasts,
although the city is rapidly gentrifying with its rising
popularity. Austin's attitude is commonly emblazoned about town on
T-Shirts and bumper stickers that read: "Keep Austin Weird."  Austin
is considered a major high tech center due in part to UT Austin and
the many Fortune 500 companies in the area such as AMD, Apple, eBay,
Google, IBM, and Intel, among others. Austin is also marketed as the
"Live Music Capital of the World" due to the large number of live
music venues.


# IMPORTANT DATES

* April   22, 2015: Abstract submission deadline
* April   29, 2015: Paper submission deadline
* June 10-12, 2015: Author response period
* June    28, 2015: Author notification
* July    26, 2015: Camera-ready versions of papers due
* September    23, 2015: Pre-conference workshops
* September 24-27, 2015: Main conference

Follow http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~marijn/sat15/ for updates.


# SCOPE

SAT 2015 welcomes scientific contributions addressing different
aspects of the satisfiability problem, interpreted in a broad
sense. Domains include MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints,
Quantified Boolean Formulae (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories
(SMT), as well as Constraint Satisfaction Problems (CSP). Topics
include, but are not restricted to:

  Theoretical advances (including exact algorithms, proof complexity,
  and other complexity issues);

  Practical search algorithms;

  Knowledge compilation;

  Implementation-level details of SAT solving tools and SAT-based
  systems;

  Problem encodings and reformulations;

  Applications (including both novel applications domains and
  improvements to existing approaches);

  Case studies and reports on insightful findings based on rigorous
  experimentation.


# Out of Scope

Papers claiming to resolve a major long-standing open theoretical
question in Mathematics or Computer Science (such as those for which a
Millennium Prize is offered, see
http://www.claymath.org/millennium-problems), are outside the scope of
the conference because there is insufficient time in the schedule to
referee such papers; instead, such papers should be submitted to an
appropriate technical journal.


# Paper Categories

Submissions to SAT 2015 are solicited in three paper categories,
describing original contributions:

  REGULAR PAPERS (9 to 15 pages, excluding references)
    Regular papers should contain original research, with sufficient
    detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. For
    papers reporting experimental results, authors are strongly
    encouraged to make their data and implementations available with
    their submission. Submissions reporting on case studies are also
    encouraged, and should describe details, weaknesses, and strengths
    in sufficient depth.

  SHORT PAPERS (up to 8 pages, excluding references)
    The same evaluation criteria apply to short papers as to regular
    papers. They will be reviewed to the same standards of quality as
    regular papers, but will naturally contain less quantity of new
    material. Short papers will have the same status as regular papers
    and be eligible for the same awards (to be announced later).

  TOOL PAPERS (up to 6 pages, excluding references)
    A tool paper should describe the implemented tool and its novel
    features. Here "tools" are interpreted in a broad sense, including
    descriptions of implemented solvers, preprocessors, etc., as well
    as systems that exploit SAT solvers or their extensions to solve
    interesting problem domains. A demonstration is expected to
    accompany a tool presentation. Papers describing tools that have
    already been presented previously are expected to contain
    significant and clear enhancements to the tool.

Submissions should not be under review elsewhere nor be submitted
elsewhere while under review for SAT 2015, and should not consist of
previously published material.

Submissions not consistent with the above guidelines may be returned
without review.

Besides the paper itself, authors may submit a supplement consisting
of one file in the format of a gzipped tarball (.tar.gz or .tgz) or a
gzipped file (.gz) or a zip archive (.zip). Authors are encouraged to
submit a supplement when it will help reviewers evaluate the
paper. Supplements will be treated with the same degree of
confidentiality as the paper itself. For example, the supplement might
contain detailed proofs, examples, software, detailed experimental
data, or other material related to the submission. Individual
reviewers may or may not consult the supplementary material; the paper
itself should be self-contained.

Regular papers and short papers may be considered for a best paper
award. If the main author is a student, both in terms of work and
writing, the paper may be considered for a best student-paper
award. Use the supplement to your submission to state (in a brief
cover letter) if the paper qualifies as a student paper.

Links to information on the Springer LNCS style are available through
the SAT 2015 website at http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~marijn/sat15/.

All papers submissions are done exclusively via EasyChair at
http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sat2015.

One author of each accepted paper is expected to present it at the
conference.


# PROCEEDINGS

All accepted papers are expected to be published in the proceedings of
the conference, which will be published within the Springer LNCS
series.


# PROGRAM CHAIRS

* Marijn Heule    The University of Texas at Austin, United States
* Sean Weaver     Trusted Systems Research Group, Department of Defense, United States


# PROGRAM COMMITTEE

To be announced


# CONTACT

sat2015@easychair.org

