---
layout: post
title: "13th Int. Conf. on Logic Programming and Non-monotonic Reasoning"
shorttitle: "LPNMR'15"
author: "Francesco Calimeri"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "LPNMR 2015 will be collocated with the 4th Conference on Algorithmic Decision Theory 2015."
link: http://lpnmr2015.mat.unical.it/
deadline: 2015-04-20
---
                               Call for Papers

                       13th International Conference on
                Logic Programming and Non-monotonic Reasoning
                                 LPNMR 2015

                              Lexington, KY, USA
                            September 27-30, 2015

   (Collocated with the 4th Conference on Algorithmic Decision Theory 2015)

## AIMS AND SCOPE

 LPNMR 2015 is the thirteenth in the series of international meetings on
 logic programming and non-monotonic reasoning. LPNMR is a forum for
 exchanging ideas on declarative logic programming, non-monotonic reasoning,
 and  knowledge representation. The aim of the conference is to facilitate
 interactions between researchers and practitioners interested in the
 design and implementation of logic-based programming languages and
 database systems, and those working in knowledge representation and
 nonmonotonic reasoning. LPNMR strives to encompass theoretical and
 experimental studies that have led or will lead to the construction of
 systems for declarative programming and knowledge representation, as well
 as their use in practical applications. This edition of LPNMR will feature
 several workshops, a special session dedicated to the 6th ASP Systems
 Competition, and will be collocated with the 4th Algorithmic Decision
 Theory Conference, ADT 2015. Joint LPNMR-ADT Doctoral Consortium will be
 a part of the program.

 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished
 research on all aspects of non-monotonic approaches in logic programming
 and knowledge representation. We invite submissions of both long and
 short papers.

## TOPICS

 Conference topics include, but are not limited to:

 1. Foundations of LPNMR Systems:
   * Semantics of new and existing languages;
   * Action languages, causality;
   * Relationships among formalisms;
   * Complexity and expressive power;
   * Inference algorithms and heuristics for LPNMR systems;
   * Extensions of traditional LPNMR languages such as new logical
     connectives or new inference capabilities;
   * Updates, revision, and other operations on LPNMR systems;
   * Uncertainty in LPNMR systems.

 2. Implementation of LPNMR systems:
   * System descriptions, comparisons, evaluations;
   * Algorithms and novel techniques for efficient evaluation;
   * LPNMR benchmarks.

 3. Applications of LPNMR:
   * Use of LPNMR in formalization of Commonsense Reasoning and other
     areas of KR;
   * LPNMR languages and algorithms in planning, diagnosis, argumentation,
     reasoning with preferences, decision making and policies;
   * Applications of LPNMR languages in data integration and exchange
     systems, software engineering and model checking;
   * Applications of LPNMR to linguistics, psychology, and other sciences
   * Integration of LPNMR systems with other computational paradigms;
   * Embedded LPNMR: Systems using LPNMR subsystems.

## SUBMISSION

 LPNMR 2015 welcomes submissions of long papers (13 pages) or short papers
 (6 pages) in the following categories:

   * Technical papers
   * System descriptions
   * Application descriptions

 The indicated number of pages includes title page, references and
 figures. All submissions will be peer-reviewed and accepted papers will
 appear in the conference proceedings published in the Springer-Verlag
 Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI/LNCS) series. At least one
 author of each accepted paper is expected to register for the conference
 to present the work. Submissions must be formatted according to the
 Springer LNCS author instructions,

             http://www.springer.com/comp/lncs/Authors.html

 must be written in English, and present original research. Paper
 submission will be electronic through the LPNMR-15 Easychair site:

          https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lpnmr2015

 Two best papers of general AI interest will be invited for rapid 
 publication in the journal Artificial Intelligence - Journal - Elsevier. 
 Two best papers with narrower logic programming focus will be invited 
 for a rapid publication in the journal Theory and Practice of Logic 
 Programming.

## MULTIPLE SUBMISSION POLICY

 LPNMR 2015 will not accept any paper which, at the time of submission, is
 under review or has already been published or accepted for publication in
 a journal or another conference. Authors are also required not to submit
 their papers elsewhere during LPNMR's review period. However, these
 restrictions do not apply to previous workshops with a limited audience
 and without archival proceedings.

## ASSOCIATED EVENTS

  WORKSHOPS - LPNMR 2015 will include specialized workshops to be held on September 27
  prior to the main conference. Currently planned workshops include:

  - Grounding, Transforming, and Modularizing Theories with Variables
    Organizers: Marc Denecker, Tomi Janhunen

  - Action Languages, Process Modeling, and Policy Reasoning
    Organizer: Joohyung Lee

  - Natural Language Processing and Automated Reasoning
    Organizers: Marcello Balduccini, Ekaterina Ovchinnikova, Peter Schueller

  - Learning and Nonmonotonic Reasoning
    Organizers: Alessandra Russo and Alessandra Mileo

  ASP COMPETITION - A special session dedicated to a discussion of the
  6th ASP System Competition, including the methodology of the competition,
  benchmarks used, lessons learned and, most importantly, the results and
  the announcement of the winners.

  ALGORITHMIC DECISION THEORY (ADT) 2015 (collocated - same time and place)
  Algorithmic Decision Theory is a vibrant and growing area of research
  concerned with algorithmic aspects of problems arising in social choice
  and economics that involve optimal ways to aggregate preferences. The
  area abounds in hard computational problems and may be an axciting area
  of applications for ASP. The two conferences will seek ways to identify
  and promote synergies between their respective areas of focus.

## JOINT LPNMR-ADT DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM:

  Details to be announced

  co-Chairs:
  - Esra Erdem (LPNMR), Sabanci University, Turkey
  - Nick Mattei (ADT), NICTA, Australia

## IMPORTANT DATES (TENTATIVE)

   * Paper registration: April 13, 2015
   * Paper submission:   April 20, 2015
   * Notification:       June 1, 2015
   * Final versions due: June 15, 2015

## VENUE

Lexington is a medium size, pleasant and quiet university town. It
is located in the heart of the so-called Bluegrass Region in
Central Kentucky. The city is surrounded by beautiful horse farms
on green pastures dotted with ponds and traditional architecture
stables, and small race tracks, and bordered by white or black
fences. The Horse Museum is as beautifully located as it is
interesting. Overall, the city has a nice feel that mixes well old
and new. The conference will be held in the Hilton Lexington
Downtown hotel.

## GENERAL CHAIR
 Victor Marek, University of Kentucky, KY, USA

## PROGRAM CHAIRS

 Giovambattista Ianni, University of Calabria, Italy
 Mirek Truszczynski, University of Kentucky, KY, USA

## WORKSHOPS CHAIR

 Yuliya Lierler, University of Nebrska at Omaha, NE, USA

## PUBLICITY CHAIR

 Francesco Calimeri, University of Calabria, Italy

## PROGRAM COMMITTEE

* Agostino Dovier, Università di Udine, Italy
* Agustín Valverde, Universidad de Màlaga, Spain
* Alessandra Mileo, National University of Ireland, Galway, INSIGHT Centre for Data Analytics, Ireland
* Andrea Formisano, Dip. di Matematica e Informatica, Università di Perugia, Italy
* Axel Polleres, Vienna University of Economics and Business, Austria
* Bart Bogaerts, Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, Belgium
* Chiaki Sakama, Wakayama University, Japan
* Chitta Baral, Arizona State University, USA
* Christoph Redl, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
* Daniela Inclezan, Miami University, USA
* David Pearce, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain
* Emilia Oikarinen, Aalto University, Finland
* Enrico Pontelli, New Mexico State University, USA
* Esra Erdem, Sabanci University, Istanbul, Turkey
* Eugenia Ternovska, Simon Fraser University, Canada
* Fangkai Yang, Schlumberger Ltd
* Fangzhen Lin, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong
* Francesco Calimeri, Università della Calabria, Italy
* Gerhard Brewka, Leipzig University, Germany
* Giovanni Grasso, Oxford University, UK
* Hannes Strass, Leipzig University, Germany
* Hans Tompits, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
* James Delgrande, Simon Fraser University, Canada
* Jia-Huai You, University of Alberta, Canada
* Joohyung Lee, Arizona State University, USA
* Jose Julio Alferes, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
* Kewen Wang, Griffith University, Australia
* Marc Denecker, K.U.Leuven, Belgium
* Marcello Balduccini, Drexel University, USA
* Marina De Vos, University of Bath, UK
* Martin Gebser, University of Potsdam, Germany
* Matthias Knorr, CENTRIA, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
* Mauricio Osorio, Fundacion de la Universidad de las Americas, Puebla, Mexico
* Michael Fink, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
* Michael Gelfond, Texas Tech University, USA
* Orkunt Sabuncu, University of Potsdam, Germany
* Paul Fodor, Stony Brook University, USA
* Pedro Cabalar, University of Corunna, Spain
* Saadat Anwar, Arizona State University, USA
* Stefan Woltran, Vienna University of Technology
* Stefania Costantini, Dipartimento di Ingegneria e Scienze dell'Informazione, e Matematica, Univ. di L'Aquila, Italy
* Terrance Swift, CENTRIA, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
* Thomas Eiter, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
* Tomi Janhunen, Aalto University, Finland
* Torsten Schaub, University of Potsdam, Germany
* Tran Cao Son, New Mexico State University, USA
* Vladimir Lifschitz, University of Texas at Austin, USA
* Wolfgang Faber, University of Huddersfield, UK
* Yi Zhou, University of Western Sydney, Australia
* Yisong Wang, Guizhou University, China
* Yuliya Lierler, University of Nebraska at Omaha, USA


## CONTACT

 lpnmr2015@mat.unical.it
