---
layout: post
title: "CFP 7th Workshop on Answer Set Programming and Other Computing Paradigms"
author: "Marco Maratea"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "This workshop will  facilitate the discussion about
 crossing the boundaries of current ASP techniques in theory, solving,
 and applications, in combination with or inspired by other computing
 paradigms."
link: https://sites.google.com/site/aspocp2014
---
                               CALL FOR PAPERS
                                 ASPOCP 2014
     7th Workshop on Answer Set Programming and Other Computing Paradigms
                    https://sites.google.com/site/aspocp2014
                              July 23rd, 2014
 
    Affiliated with the International Conference on Logic Programming 2014
                  (part of the Federated Logic Conference 2014)
                               Vienna, Austria
                              July 19-22, 2014

                Collocated with the Vienna Summer of Logic 2014
                               Vienna, Austria
                              July 12-24, 2014


## AIMS AND SCOPE
 Since its introduction in the late 1980s, answer set programming (ASP)
 has been widely applied to various knowledge-intensive tasks and
 combinatorial search problems. ASP was found to be closely related to
 SAT, which has led to a method of computing answer sets using SAT
 solvers and techniques adapted from SAT. While this has been the most
 studied relationship which is currently extended towards
 satisfiability modulo theories (SMT), the relationship of ASP to other
 computing paradigms, such as constraint satisfaction, quantified
 boolean formulas (QBF), first-order logic (FOL), or FO(ID) logic is
 also the subject of active research. New methods of computing answer
 sets are being developed based on the relation between ASP and other
 paradigms, such as the use of pseudo-Boolean solvers, QBF solvers, FOL
 theorem provers, and CLP systems.
 Furthermore, the practical applications of ASP also foster work on
 multi-paradigm problem-solving, and in particular language and solver
 integration. The most prominent examples in this area currently are the
 integration of ASP with description logics (in the realm of the
 Semantic Web), constraint satisfaction, and general means of external
 computation.  This workshop will  facilitate the discussion about
 crossing the boundaries of current ASP techniques in theory, solving,
 and applications, in combination with or inspired by other computing
 paradigms.


## TOPICS

 Topics of interests include (but are not limited to):

 * ASP and classical logic formalisms (SAT/FOL/QBF/SMT/DL).
 * ASP and constraint programming.
 * ASP and other logic programming paradigms, e.g., FO(ID).
 * ASP and other nonmonotonic languages, e.g., action languages.
 * ASP and external means of computation.
 * ASP and probabilistic reasoning.
 * ASP and machine learning.
 * New methods of computing answer sets using algorithms or systems of
   other paradigms.
 * Language extensions to ASP.
 * ASP and multi-agent systems.
 * ASP and multi-context systems.
 * Modularity and ASP.
 * ASP and argumentation.
 * Multi-paradigm problem solving involving ASP.
 * Evaluation and comparison of ASP to other paradigms.
 * ASP and related paradigms in applications.
 * Hybridizing ASP with procedural approaches.
 * Enhanced grounding or beyond grounding.


## SUBMISSIONS
 Papers must describe original research and should not exceed 15 pages
 in the Springer LNCS format .
 Paper submission will be handled electronically by means of the
 Easychair system. The submission page is available at
 https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aspocp14


## IMPORTANT DATES

* Abstract and paper submission deadline:         April 1, 2014
* Notification:               	 		 May 1, 2014
* Camera-ready articles due:  	       		 May 20, 2014
* Workshop:             		       		 July 23, 2014


## LOCATION 
 The workshop will be held in Vienna, Austria, collocated with
 the International Conference on Logic Programming (ICLP) 2014.


## PROCEEDINGS
 Accepted papers will be made available online and published in the
 Computing Research Repository (CoRR) afterwards.

 A selection of extended and revised versions of accepted papers will
 appear in a special issue of the Journal of Logic and Computation
 (http://logcom.oxfordjournals.org/), provided that a sufficient
 amount of high quality papers is collected.

 Such papers will go through a second formal selection process to meet
 the high quality standard of the journal.


## TIMELINE FOR THE SPECIAL ISSUE (PRELIMINARY)

* Expression of interest/invitation:		   Right after the workshop
* First submissions:				   Fall 2014
* Revision of manuscripts:		
 (for papers not already accepted or rejected)     Spring 2015
* Final notification/version of accepted papers 	   Summer 2015


## WORKSHOP CO-CHAIRS

* Daniela Inclezan, Miami University, USA
* Marco Maratea, DIBRIS - University of Genova, Italy


## PROGRAM COMMITTEE

*  Marcello Balduccini, Drexler University, USA
*  Gerhard Brewka, University of Leipzig, Germany 
*  Pedro Cabalar, Corunna University, Spain
*  Wolfgang Faber, University of Huddersfield, UK
*  Cristina Feier, University of Oxford, UK
*  Johannes Klaus	Fichte, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
*  Michael Fink, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
*  Gregory Gelfond, Arizona State University, USA
*  Michael Gelfond, Texas Tech University, USA
*  Enrico Giunchiglia, University of Genova, Italy
*  Giovambattista Ianni, University of Calabria, Italy
*  Tomi Janhunen, Aalto University, Finland
*  Joohyung Lee, Arizona State University, USA
*  Joao Leite, New University of Lisbon, Portugal
*  Yuliya Lierler, University of Nebraska at Omaha, USA
*  Vladimir Lifschitz, University of Texas at Austin, USA
*  Alessandro Mosca, Free University of Bolzano, Italy
*  Emilia Oikarinen, Aalto University, Finland
*  Max Ostrowski, University of Potsdam, Germany
*  Axel Polleres, Vienna University of Economics & Business, Austria
*  Francesco Ricca, University of Calabria, Italy
*  Guillermo R. Simari, Universidad Nacional del Sur, Argentina
*  Evgenia Ternovska, Simon Fraser University, Canada
*  Hans Tompits, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
*  Miroslaw Truszczynski, University of Kentucky, USA
*  Joost Vennekens, Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium
*  Marina De Vos, University of Bath, UK
*  Stefan Woltran, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
*  Fangkai Yang, University of Texas at Austin, USA
*  Jia-Huai You, University of Alberta, Canada
