---
layout: post
title: "CFP iPrA 2014 - 2nd workshop on interpolation: from proofs to applications"
author: Georg Weissenbacher
tags: CFP
excerpt: "Recently, interpolants are increasingly used in
automated verification, synthesis, and description logics. The aim of
the workshop is to bring together theoreticians and practitioners from
these different fields."
link: http://vsl2014.at/meetings/iPRA-index.html
---
## CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

* Date:     July 17-18, 2014
* Location: Vienna, Austria (co-located with the Vienna Summer of Logic)
* Web:      http://vsl2014.at/meetings/iPRA-index.html

## IMPORTANT DATES

* Submission deadline: April 30, 2014, AOE
* Notification:        May 7, 2014
* Workshop:            July 17-18, 2014

## ORGANISATION AND COMMITTEE

Laura Kovacs and Georg Weissenbacher

## SCOPE

Craig interpolation enjoys a continuing popularity in computer
science. Historically, Craig's interpolation theorem has received
ample attention in proof theory and mathematical logic as well as in
complexity theory. Recently, interpolants are increasingly used in
automated verification, synthesis, and description logics. The aim of
the workshop is to bring together theoreticians and practitioners from
these different fields.

We solicit submissions in form of an abstract of at most one page in
PDF format. The authors of accepted abstracts are required to
present their work at the workshop. There will be no published
proceedings.

We encourage submissions presenting work in progress, tools under
development, as well as research of PhD students, such that the
workshop can become a forum for active dialog between the groups
involved in applications of interpolation. We also encourage
contributions from outside the verification community.

Presentations of recently published papers are also allowed and
encouraged, but please indicate on your submission where the paper was
published/presented.

Relevant topics include (but are not limited to) applications of
interpolation in:

* Interpolating decision procedures
* Proof theoretic approaches to interpolation
* Proof systems and calculi for interpolation
* Proof transformation techniques
* Inductive Proofs
* Logical Abduction
* Interpolation techniques based on constraint solving, linear programming...
* Alternative techniques for interpolation
* Interpolation theorems (for theories and extensions, non-classical
logic, ...)
* Interpolation-based/Inductive invariant generation
* Program analysis and verification
* Tools for interpolation
* Applications of Craig interpolation (verification, synthesis,
automated reasoning, ...)
* Forgetting, variable elimination, and uniform interpolation
* Complexity results and limitations
...

## FORMAT

The workshop will feature

* invited talks and tutorials by distinguished speakers,
* presentations (selected by a committee based on the submission of
abstracts) by workshop participants, and
* discussion and panel sessions.

## INVITED TALKS

As part of the workshop program we will have invited talks given by
the following distinguished speakers:

* Orna Grumberg (Technion, Israel)
* Pavel Pudlák (Academy of Sciences, Czech Republic)
* Frank Wolter (University of Liverpool, UK)

The titles and abstracts of the talks/tutorials will be announced
on the workshop web-page closer to the date.

## SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

Abstracts (at most one page in PDF format) have to be submitted until
April 30 via the EasyChair system:

https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ipra2014

The authors will be notified on May 7, 2014.
There will be no formal workshop proceedings.

## REGISTRATION

Registration for the workshop will be possible via the VSL
registration site http://vsl2014.at/registration/.
