---
layout: "post"
title: "CFP ModRef 2014"
author: "Carlos Ansotegui"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "The 13th International Workshop on Constraint Modelling and Reformulation will take place in Lyon during CP'14."
link: http://cp2014.a4cp.org/workshops/modref14
---

                     ModRef 2014
    The Thirteenth International Workshop 
    on Constraint Modelling and Reformulation

    at the

    20th International Conference on the Principles and Practice 
    of Constraint Programming (CP 2014) in Lyon, France, on 
    September (TBD), 2014.

    http://cp2014.a4cp.org/


## Aims and Scope

Constraint Programming (CP) is a powerful technology to model and
solve combinatorial problems, which are ubiquitous in academia and
industry. The last ten years or so have witnessed significant research
devoted to modelling and solving problems with constraints. CP is now
a mature field and has been successfully used for tackling a wide
range of real-life complex applications. However, such a technology is
currently accessible to only a small number of experts. For CP to be
more widely used by non-experts, more research effort is needed in
order to ease the use of the CP technology. We solicit original papers
that contribute to widen the use of the CP technology.

Workshop topics include (but are not limited to):

Application papers describing interesting problems and interesting
ways to model them;

Contributions to understanding modelling that could guide the manual
or automatic formulation of models;

Identification of the criteria that should be used in evaluating
models and the design of pragmatic techniques that facilitate the
choice and possibly combination among alternative models;

Design of higher-level modelling languages;

Automatic reformulation techniques.

The workshop will be held as a full-day or half-day workshop. Please
note that workshop-participants need to be registered for the
workshop. Past events of this workshop series can be found here
(http://www-users.cs.york.ac.uk/~frisch/ModRef/).


## Important Dates

Submission date:	July 9th, 2014
Notification of acceptance: August 15th, 2014
Camera ready version: August 22nd, 2014
Workshop day: September (TBD), 2014


## Program Committee

* Carlos Ansotegui	Universitat de Lleida, Spain
* Jessica Davies	University of Toronto
* Ivan Dotu	UPC, Spain
* Alan Frisch	University of York
* Emmanuel Hebrard	LAAS, CNRS
* George Katsirelos	INRA, Toulouse, France
* Christopher Jefferson	University of St. Andrews, UK
* Daniel Le Berre	Artois University, France
* Jimmy Lee	The Chinese University of Hong Kong
* Yuri Malitsky	Cork Constraint Computation Centre
* Joao Marques-Silva	University College Dublin, Ireland
* Ian Miqguel	University of St. Andrews, UK
* Peter Nightingale	University of St. Andrews, UK
* Jean-Charles Regin	University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis / I3S / CNRS
* Ashish Sabharwal	IBM Research
* Horst Samulowitz	IBM Research
* Meinolf Sellmann	IBM Research
* Roberto Sebastiani	University of Trento, Italy
* Peter Stuckey	University of Melbourne, Australia
* Mateu Villaret	Universitat de Girona, Spain

## Submission

Submissions must be formatted in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science
(LNCS) style and must be within 15 pages excluding
references. Submissions of shorter papers, including position papers,
are welcome.

Papers must be submitted in PDF format using EasyChair
(https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=modref2014)

All submissions will be reviewed and those that are well-written and
make a worthwhile contribution to the topic of the workshop will be
accepted for publication in the workshop proceedings. The proceedings
will be available electronically at CP 2014. At least one author of
each accepted paper must attend the workshop. Please note that every
workshop participant needs to be registered for the workshop.

## ModRef 2014 Chair:

Carlos Ansotegui (carlos@diei.udl.es)
