---
layout: post
title: "31st International Conference on Logic Programming CFP"
author: "Michael Fink"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "ICLP 2015 will be co-located with CP 2015 during The Year of George Boole."
link: http://booleconferences.ucc.ie/iclp2015
---
    **********************************************************************

                 PRELIMINARY CALL FOR PAPERS



    31st International Conference on Logic Programming (ICLP 2015)



                 -- colocated with CP 2015 --



          Cork, Ireland, August 31 -- September 4, 2015

            

    ********************************************************************** 



ICLP 2015 will be co-located with the 21st International Conference on
Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP 2015) and is
part of "The Year of George Boole", a celebration of the life and work
of George Boole who was born in 1815 and worked at the University
College of Cork.



## IMPORTANT DATES (tentative)

Abstracts due:  April 20, 2015      
Papers due:  April 27, 2015
Notification to authors :  June 5, 2015
Camera  ready versions due:  July 21, 2015
Conference: August 31-September 4, 2015


## CONFERENCE SCOPE

Since the first conference held in Marseilles in 1982, ICLP has been
the premier international conference for presenting research in logic
programming. Contributions are sought in all areas of logic programming,
including but not restricted to:



Theory: Semantic Foundations, Formalisms, Nonmonotonic Reasoning,
Knowledge Representation.

Implementation: Compilation, Virtual Machines, Parallelism, Constraint
Handling Rules and Tabling.

Environments: Program Analysis, Transformation, Validation,
Verification, Debugging, Profiling, Testing.

Language Issues: Concurrency, Objects, Coordination, Mobility, Higher
Order, Types, Modes, Assertions, Programming Techniques.

Related Paradigms: Inductive and Coinductive Logic Programming,
Constraint Logic Programming, Answer-Set Programming, SAT,
Constraints, Computational Argumentation, Abductive Logic Programming,
Functional Logic Programming.

Applications: Databases, Data Integration and Federation, Software
Engineering, Natural Language Processing, Web and Semantic Web,
Agents, Artificial Intelligence, Bioinformatics, Social Networks and
Social Choice.



In addition to the presentations of accepted papers, the technical
programme will include invited talks, advanced tutorials, the doctoral
consortium, the Prolog contest and several workshops.



## ICLP 2015 ORGANIZATION

General Co-Chairs:

* Barry O'Sullivan      University College Cork, Ireland
* Roland Yap            National University of Singapore

Program Co-Chairs:

* Thomas Eiter          TU Wien, Austria
* Francesca Toni        Imperial College London, UK

Local Arrangements Co-Chairs:

* Barry O'Sullivan      University College Cork, Ireland
* Ken Brown             University College Cork, Ireland


Workshops Chair:

* Mats Carlsson         SICS, Uppsala, Sweden

Doctoral Consortium Chairs:

* Marina De Vos         University of Bath, UK
* Yuliya Lierler        University of Nebraska at Omaha, USA

Prolog Programming Contest Chair:

* Neng-Fa Zhou, City University of New York,  USA



## SPONSOR

The conference is sponsored by the Association for Logic 
Programming (ALP)

## FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE

The Association for Logic Programming has funds to assist financially
disadvantaged participants and, in particular, students in order to be
able to attend the conference.

## CONFERENCE VENUE

University College Cork, Ireland
