---
layout: post
title: "ACAI’15 Summer School on Constraints Solving Techniques in AI"
author: "Daniel Le Berre"
tags: Event
link: http://www.cril.fr/acai15/
excerpt: "In odd-numbered years, the European Coordinating Committee for
 Artificial Intelligence (ECCAI) sponsors a specialised course in Artificial Intelligence, called Advanced Course on Artificial Inteliigence (ACAI)."
---

    ACAI’15@CRIL
    Constraints Solving Techniques in AI
    26th-30th October
    Lille, France

### Context

In odd-numbered years, the European Coordinating Committee for
Artificial Intelligence (ECCAI) sponsors a specialised course in
Artificial Intelligence, called Advanced Course on Artificial
Inteliigence (ACAI).

The ACAI Summer School 2015 will be held at Lille, France, from the
26th October to the 30th October 2015 and its topic will be
Constraints Solving Techniques in Artificial Intelligence. It will be
organized by CRIL ([Centre de Recherche en Informatique de Lens](http://www.cril.fr).

### Programme 

Constraint Solving Techniques offer a number of notions, languages and
solvers for building reasoning and decision making tools, which are at
the core of a wide spectrum of AI applications. Much progress has been
made for decades, and new paradigms have emerged within this area.
While the various Constraint Solving Techniques have some common
origins, they have evolved independently and each of them has
developed its own specificities. This is why it is important to give
to our doctoral students and young colleagues a broad, yet coherent
view of such techniques and it is the main goal of the ACAI’15@CRIL
Summer School to do so.

Accordingly, the school will address several Constraint Solving
Techniques, including SAT, CSP, ASP, and Knowledge compilation. Both
the fundamental issues and the key concepts will be presented, as well
as some of the more recent developments.

The school will consist of 4 Fundamental Courses (3 x 1h30):

* SAT (by  Ines Lynce)
* CSP (by Ian Gent)
* ASP (by Torsten Schaub)
* Knowledge Compilation (by Pierre Marquis)

And of 5 Advanced Courses (1x 1h30):

* SMT (by Albert Oliveras)
* SAT for Data Mining (by Lakhdar Saïs)
* WCSP (by Martin Cooper)
* XCSP (by Christophe Lecoutre)
* Evaluation & Competitions of Solvers (by Daniel Le Berre and
   Olivier Roussel)

### Registration

The organization of ACAI’15@CRIL made its best to ensure the lowest
possible costs, in order to promote the participation of the largest
number of researchers:

* Registration fees will be 125 euros (until 31th July).
* Some cheap accommodation (around 135 euros for the week) will be
   possible.

Note also that ECCAi will provide a number of grants for students,
details about the application procedure will be available soon on the
ACAI webpage.

Lille is easily reachable from all over Europe, since it is close to
three capitals (1h by train from Paris and from
Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle airport, 30mn from Brussels, and 1h30 from
London).

### Important Dates

+ Early Registration : 31th July 2015
+ ACAI’15@CRIL      : 25th to 30th October 2015

### Organizing Committee :

* Sylvie Coste-Marquis
* Sébastien Konieczny
* Daniel Le Berre
* Pierre Marquis
* Srdjan Vesic


Contact email: acai15@cril.fr
