---
layout: post
title: "SAT2015 second call for workshops"
shorttitle: "SAT'15 WS"
deadline: 2015-01-25
author: "Sean Weaver"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "Workshop proposals for the SAT conference is open now. Check out the details ..."
link: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~marijn/sat15/
---
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

                       2ND CALL FOR WORKSHOPS
 
              Eighteenth International Conference on
        THEORY AND APPLICATIONS OF SATISFIABILITY TESTING
                         --- SAT 2015 ---

                Austin, Texas, September 24-27, 2015
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

## PROPOSAL SUBMISSION DEADLINE: January 25th, 2015

Proposals should be submitted by email to oliveras@cs.upc.edu, either
in ASCII text or as an attachment in PDF form, and should include in
sufficient detail the information outlined below.

Proposals with incomplete information may be submitted, but in that
case the proposal should include a schedule for getting the remaining
information.


## CALL FOR WORKSHOPS

 Workshop proposals for SAT 2015 are solicited.  Both well-established
 workshops, possibly affiliated with other venues in previous
 editions, and new ones are encouraged.  Similarly, proposals for
 workshops with a tight focus on a core area within SAT, ranging from
 theory to applications, as well as those with a broader focus on SAT
 and related formalisms and paradigms, are welcome.

 Please provide the following information in your proposal:

 + Workshop title.
 + Names and affiliations of organizers.
 + Proposed workshop duration, from half a day to full day.
 + Brief description of the goals and the scope of the workshop.
 + Preliminary call-for-papers and program committee composition.
 + Information of previous editions, if that applies (success, number
   of submissions, number of participants, etc).
 + Plans for publication.
 
 The workshop day is September 23rd. The main organizers of accepted
 workshops are expected to be present at SAT 2015. Should multiple
 proposals be submitted for similar workshops, possibilities of
 combining the workshops into one may be considered.


Should you have any questions regarding the calls, please contact us
via email using oliveras@cs.upc.edu.

SAT 2015 Workshop Chair
Albert Oliveras (Technical University of Catalonia)
