---
layout: post
title: "FMCAD Student Forum 2015"
shorttitle: "FMCAD SF'15"
author: "Georg Weissenbacher"
tags: CFP
deadline: 2015-07-09
link: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/hunt/FMCAD/FMCAD15/student-forum.shtml
excerpt: The deadline of this year's FMCAD student forum has been extended - the new deadline is July 09, 2015.
---

The deadline for the FMCAD student forum has been
extended. The new deadline is July 09, 2015!!

            FMCAD 2015 STUDENT FORUM

FMCAD 2015, the fifteenth conference on the theory and
applications of formal methods in hardware and system
verification, will host the

               3rd FMCAD Student Forum
               (September 28-30, 2015)

providing a platform for graduate students at any career
stage to introduce their research to the wider Formal Methods
community.

### IMPORTANT DATES

Submission Deadline: July 09, 2015
Acceptance notification: July 19, 2015
Forum date: September 28-30, 2015

### WEBSITE

Details are provided on

http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/hunt/FMCAD/FMCAD15/student-forum.shtml

### SUBMISSIONS

Submissions for the event must be short reports describing
research ideas or ongoing work that the student is currently pursuing,
and must be within the  scope of FMCAD.  Work, part of which has been
previously published, will be considered; the novel aspect to be
addressed in future work must be clearly described in such cases.  All
submissions will be reviewed by a select group of program committee
members.

The event will consist of short presentations by the student
authors of each accepted submission, and of a poster that
will be on display throughout the duration of the
conference.  Accepted submissions will be listed, with title
and author name, in the event description in the conference
proceedings.  The authors will also have the option to
upload their poster and presentation to the FMCAD web site.
The best contribution (determined by the committee based
on the quality of the submission and the presentation)
will be given public recognition and a certificate at the event.

Limited funds will be available for travel assistance for
US students with accepted contributions.

We kindly ask faculty members to help us advertise the event
by displaying the posters available from the web-page in
their departments.

### CONTACT

If you have questions, please contact the forum chair
Georg Weissenbacher (Vienna University of Technology, Austria).

