---
layout: post
title: "SAT-Race 2015"
shorttitle: "SATRace'15"
author: Tomas Balyo
tags: Competition CFP
link:  http://baldur.iti.kit.edu/sat-race-2015/ 
deadline: 2015-07-01
---

SAT-Race 2015 is a competitive event for solvers of the Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) problem. It is organized as a satellite event to the 18th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing, September 24-27, 2015, Austin, Texas, USA and stands in the tradition of the yearly SAT Competitions and SAT-Races / Challenges. In contrast to the SAT Competitions, the focus of SAT-Race is on application benchmarks only.

The area of SAT Solving has seen tremendous progress over the last years. Many problems (e.g. in hardware and software verification) that seemed to be completely out of reach a decade ago can now be handled routinely. Besides new algorithms and better heuristics, refined implementation techniques turned out to be vital for this success.

To keep up the driving force in improving SAT solvers, we want to motivate implementors to present their work to a broader audience and to compare it with that of others.

SAT-Race 2015 is featuring two traditional tracks:

* Sequential Application SAT+UNSAT Track
* Parallel Application SAT+UNSAT Track

 and introducing:

* Incremental Library Track

Important Dates:

* **July 1**	Benchmark Submission Deadline
* **July 15**	Solver Registration Deadline
* **August 1**	Solver Submission Deadline (final version)

The submission of solvers and benchmarks is already available. The results of the race will be announced at the SAT'15 Conference. 

