---
layout: post
title: "SAT & CSP Track at IEEE ICTAI 2015"
shorttitle: "ICTAI'15"
author: "Jean-Marie Lagniez"
tags: CFP
deadline: 2015-06-30
link: http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/SAT-CSP-IEEE-ICTAI2015/
excerpt: Following the success of the first and second editions of the SAT and CSP technologies special track at ICTAI 2013 and ICTAI 2014, this year again the IEEE-ICTAI conference will highlight a track dedicated to SAT and CSP.
---

                       CALL  FOR  PAPERS


               SAT & CSP Track at IEEE ICTAI 2015

       November 9-11, 2015 – Vietri sul Mare, Italy

    http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/SAT-CSP-IEEE-ICTAI2015/
          https://sites.google.com/site/ictai2015italy/

                         Deadline : June 30


Following the success of the first and second editions of the SAT and CSP technologies special track
at ICTAI 2013 and ICTAI 2014, this year again the IEEE-ICTAI conference will highlight a track dedicated to SAT and CSP.

Constraint Solving Programming (CSP) and SAT-based technologies have become major related topics of
research and application in AI this last decade, opening up new perspectives about effective AI application domains.

The ICTAI conference is a major forum for the CSP and SAT research communities for presenting new high-quality results.
The track is intended to further develop the role of ICTAI in that respect.


### Topics

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

* CSP methodologies and tools
* Constraint networks
* Global constraints
* CSP and SAT Solvers
* Applications of CSP and SAT-based technologies
* Heuristic, complete and hybrid search techniques
* Heuristics for SAT and CSP
* SAT modulo theories
* AI techniques based on SAT and CSP
* Core, MUC and MUS extraction
* MAX-SAT, MAX-CSP
* Constraint optimization
* Soft/Hard Constraints
* Weighted CSP and SAT

### Program Committee

* Gilles  Audemard
* Belaid  Benhamou
* Armin   Biere
* Manuel  Bodirsky
* Assef   Chmeiss
* Remi    Coletta
* Jean-François   Condotta
* Eric            Gregoire  (PC Co-chair)
* Marijn  Heule
* Gergely Kovásznai
* Jean Marie Lagniez (PC Co-chair)
* Arnaud  Lallouet
* Daniel  Le Berre
* Christophe Lecoutre
* Chu-Min Li
* Mark            Liffiton
* Felip           Manya
* Bertrand        Mazure
* Eric            Monfroy
* Bertrand        Neveu
* Alexandre Niveau
* Barry   O'Sullivan
* Thierry Petit
* Luis            Quesada
* Michel  Rueher
* Lakhdar Sais
* Yakoub  Salhi
* Frédéric        Saubion
* Pierre  Schaus
* Thomas  Schiex
* Nicolas Schwind
* Naoyuki Tamura
* Gilles  Trombettoni
* Peter   van Beek

### Submission & CRC

Papers must be full papers up to 8 pages, obey the ICTAI 2015 formatting instructions (single-spaced, double-column, 10-point font size) and
submitted in pdf only through the Easychair SAT and CSP track at IEEE ICTAI 2015 submission page.
All papers will be reviewed by at least two members of the program committee.
Papers must report high-quality original work, be unpublished and not submitted elsewhere during the whole ICTAI review process.

Each accepted paper must be presented by one of the authors and accompanied by at least one full ICTAI 2015 registration fee payment, to guarantee publication in the proceedings.

### Proceedings and Special Journal Issue

All papers accepted in the SAT and CSP track at IEEE ICTAI 2015 will be included in the ICTAI 2015 proceedings published by the IEEE Computer Society.
It is planned that extended versions of the best papers will be invited for publication in a special issue of an International Journal after an additional round of reviewing.

### Important Dates

* Paper submission        June 30, 2015
* Authors’ feedback/rebuttal period       September 3-5, 2015
* Notification of acceptance/rejection  September 10, 2015
* Camera ready copy papers        TBA

