---
layout: post
title: 12th International Workshop on Boolean Problems
author: Miroslav Velev
tags: CFP Deadline
deadline: 2016-04-30
shorttitle: BP12
link: http://www.informatik.tu-freiberg.de/prof2/ws_bp12/
excerpt: The Workshop on Boolean Problems has an emphasis on the problems related to the solution of all kinds of high- dimension Boolean and discrete problems, and provides a forum  for researchers and engineers from  different disciplines to exchange ideas. The workshop is devoted to theoretical discoveries as well as practical applications. An aim of the workshop is to initiate possible collaborative research and to find new areas of application.
---
Call for Papers

12th International Workshop on Boolean Problems

September 22 - 23, 2016, Freiberg (Sachsen), Germany

http://www.informatik.tu-freiberg.de/prof2/ws_bp12/

 

Submission deadline: April 30, 2016

Acceptance notification: June 4, 2016

Final versions due: July 9, 2016

 

## Synopsis

The Workshop on Boolean Problems has an emphasis on the problems related to the solution of all kinds of high- dimension Boolean and discrete problems, and provides a forum  for researchers and engineers from  different disciplines to exchange ideas. The workshop is devoted to theoretical discoveries as well as practical applications. An aim of the workshop is to initiate possible collaborative research and to find new areas of application. It is intended to publish the papers in proceedings. The invited speakers:

- Rolf Drechsler (University of Bremen, Germany), and

- Gerhard Dueck (University of New Brunswick, Canada)

will present essential results of their research.

 

## Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

1) Theory

  - Properties and applications of Boolean Algebras

2) Data Structures and Algorithms

  - Modeling

  - Specification of data structures/algorithms

  - Complexity

3) Program Systems/Software

  - Fundamental software for the solution of Boolean Problems

  - Utilization of the available cores on both the CPU and GPU for the computations

  - Comparison of efficiency

4) Practical Applications

  - Application of Boolean Algebra in analysis, synthesis, and test of circuits

  - Quantum logic, reversible logic, and multi-valued logic

  - Solution of real-world problems

 

## Submissions

To submit a paper, please send an extended abstract, no longer than 6 pages, as a PDF file to iwsbp2016@informatik.tu-freiberg.de or using the workshop web page

http://www.informatik.tu-freiberg.de/prof2/ws_bp12/

by April 30, 2016. Acceptance notices will be sent by June 4, 2016. The final version of the paper should be submitted by July 9, 2016.

 

## Program Committee

+ J. Butler, Naval Postgraduate School Monterey, USA      
+ R. Berghammer, C-A-University of Kiel, Germany            
+ L. Cheremisinova, Academy of Science, Belarus
+ D. Debnath, Oakland University, USA    
+ R. Drechsler, University of Bremen, Germany    
+ E. Dubrova, Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden        
+ G. Dueck, University of New Brunswick, Canada              
+ V. Gaudet, University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada      
+ D. Große, University of Bremen, Germany         
+ A. Karatkevich, University of Zielona Gora, Poland          
+ O. Keren, Bar-Ilan University, Israel       
+ P. Kerntopf, Warsaw University and University of Lodz, Poland 
+ I. Levin, Tel Aviv University, Israel           
+ T. Luba, Warsaw University of Technology, Poland         
+ M. Lukac, Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan
+ M. Miller, University of Victoria, Canada
+ C. Moraga, TU Dortmund, Germany
+ M. A. Perkowski, Portland State University, USA
+ Y. Pottosin, Minsk Academy of Science, Belarus
+ T. Sasao, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan
+ Ch. Scholl, University of Freiburg, Germany
+ M. Soeken, University of Bremen, Germany
+ R. Stankovic, University of Nis, Serbia
+ B. Steinbach, University of Freiberg, Germany
+ R. Ubar, Tallinn Technical University, Estonia
+ M. Velev, Aries Design Automation, USA
+ A. De Vos, University of Gent, Belgium
+ R. Wille, University of Bremen, Germany
+ S. Yanushkevich, University of Calgary, Canada

 

## Conference Language

English

 

## Conference Location 

Freiberg University of Mining and Technology, Freiberg (Sachs.), Germany

 

## Contacts

- General Chair: Prof. Dr.-Ing. habil. B. Steinbach, TU Bergakademie Freiberg, Institut für Informatik, Bernhard-von-Cotta-Str. 2, D-09596 Freiberg, Germany

- Publicity Chair: M. Velev, Aries Design Automation, USA

- Conference Coordinator: Dr.-Ing. G. Rudolf, TU Bergakademie Freiberg, Institut für Informatik, Bernhard-von-Cotta-Str. 2, D-09596 Freiberg, Germany


