---
layout: post
title: CFP 9th Workshop on Answer Set Programming and Other Computing Paradigms
author: Amelia Harrison
tags: CFP Deadline ASP
link: https://sites.google.com/site/aspocp2016
deadline: 2016-06-27
shorttitle: ASPOCP'16
excerpt: A large body of general results regarding ASP is available and
 several efficient ASP solvers have been implemented. However, there
 are still significant challenges in applying ASP to real life
 applications, and more interest in relating ASP to other computing
 paradigms is emerging. This workshop will provide opportunities for
 researchers to identify these challenges and to exchange ideas for
 overcoming them.
---
    =============================================================================== 
                             FIRST CALL FOR PAPERS    
                                     ASPOCP 2016    
         9th Workshop on Answer Set Programming and Other Computing Paradigms       
                        https://sites.google.com/site/aspocp2016                           
                       October 16 or 17, 2016 (preliminary dates)                          
        
        Affiliated with the 32nd International Conference on Logic Programming      
                                  Now York City, USA                                       
                                October 17 - 21, 2016                                       
    =============================================================================== 
                                    
### AIMS AND SCOPE
                  
Since its introduction in the late 1980s, Answer Set Programming (ASP) 
has been widely applied to various knowledge-intensive tasks and 
combinatorial search problems. ASP was found to be closely related to
SAT, which led to a new method of computing answer sets using SAT
solvers and techniques adapted from SAT. This has been a much
studied relationship, and is currently extended towards
satisfiability modulo theories (SMT). The relationship of ASP to other
computing paradigms, such as constraint satisfaction, quantified
Boolean formulas (QBF), Constraint Logic Programming (CLP), 
first-order logic (FOL), and FO(ID) is also the subject of active 
research. Consequently, new methods of computing answer sets are being 
developed based on relationships to these formalisms. 
                                                    
Furthermore, the practical applications of ASP also foster work on 
multi-paradigm problem-solving, and in particular language and solver 
integration. The most prominent examples in this area currently are 
the integration of ASP with description logics (in the realm of the
Semantic Web) and constraint satisfaction (which recently led to 
the Constraint Answer Set Programming (CASP) research direction).
                                                    
A large body of general results regarding ASP is available and 
several efficient ASP solvers have been implemented. However, there 
are still significant challenges in applying ASP to real life 
applications, and more interest in relating ASP to other computing 
paradigms is emerging. This workshop will provide opportunities for 
researchers to identify these challenges and to exchange ideas for 
overcoming them. 
                                                    
### TOPICS                                              

Topics of interests include (but are not limited to):                          

 - ASP and classical logic formalisms (SAT/FOL/QBF/SMT/DL).                     
 - ASP and constraint programming.                  
 - ASP and other logic programming paradigms, e.g., FO(ID).                     
 - ASP and other nonmonotonic languages, e.g., action languages.                
 - ASP and external means of computation.           
 - ASP and probabilistic reasoning.                 
 - ASP and knowledge compilation.                   
 - ASP and machine learning.                        
 - New methods of computing answer sets using algorithms or systems of          
   other paradigms.                                 
 - Language extensions to ASP.                      
 - ASP and multi-agent systems.                     
 - ASP and multi-context systems.                   
 - Modularity and ASP.                              
 - ASP and argumentation.                           
 - Multi-paradigm problem solving involving ASP.  
 - Evaluation and comparison of ASP to other paradigms.                        
 - ASP and related paradigms in applications.       
 - Hybridizing ASP with procedural approaches.      
 - Enhanced grounding or beyond grounding.          
                                                    
                                                    
### SUBMISSIONS                                         

Papers must describe original research and should not exceed 15 pages 
in the Springer LNCS format <URL:http://www.springeronline.com/lncs/>. 
Paper submission will be handled electronically by means of the 
Easychair system. The submission page is available at 
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aspocp2016 
                                                    
                                                    
### IMPORTANT DATES                                     

+ Abstract and paper submission deadline: June 27, 2016                     
+ Notification:  July 30, 2016                     
+ Camera-ready articles due: August 31, 2016                   
+ Workshop: October 16 or 17, 2016 (TBA)      
                                                    
                                                    
### PROCEEDINGS                                         
                                                    
Accepted papers will be made available online.   

                                                   
### LOCATION                                           

The workshop will be held in New York, collocated with                         
the International Conference on Logic Programming (ICLP) 2016.                 
                                                   
                                                   
### WORKSHOP CO-CHAIRS                                 

+ Bart Bogaerts, Aalto University, Finland          
+ Amelia Harrison, University of Texas at Austin, USA                            
                                                   
                                                   
### PROGRAM COMMITTEE (to be completed)                

+ Rehan Abdul Aziz, University of Melbourne and National ICT Australia (NICTA)   
+ Marcello Balduccini, Drexel University            
+ Bart Bogaerts (chair), Department of Computer Science  Aalto University        
+ Gerhard Brewka, Leipzig University                
+ Pedro Cabalar, University of Corunna              
+ Stefania Costantini, Dipartimento di Ingegneria e Scienze dell'Informazione e Matematica  Univ. dell'Aquila 
+ Esra Erdem, Sabanci University                    
+ Wolfgang Faber, University of Huddersfield        
+ Cristina Feier, University of Bremen              
+ Johannes Klaus Fichte, Institute of Information Systems  Vienna University of Technology 
+ Enrico Giunchiglia, DIST - Univ. Genova           
+ Amelia Harrison (chair), University of Texas      
+ Daniela Inclezan, Miami University                
+ Tomi Janhunen, Aalto University                   
+ Joohyung Lee, Arizona State University            
+ Nicola Leone, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science - University of Calabria 
+ Vladimir Lifschitz, University of Texas           
+ Marco Maratea, DIBRIS University of Genova        
+ Alessandro Mosca, SIRIS Lab - Research division of SIRIS Academic SL           
+ Guillermo Simari, Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering  Universidad Nacional del Sur in Bahia Blanca 
+ Mirek Truszczynski, Computer Science Department  University of Kentucky        
+ Richard Watson, Texas Tech University  Department of Computer Science          
+ Stefan Woltran, TU Wien                           
+ Fangkai Yang, Schlumberger Limited                
+ Jia-Huai You, Department of Computing Science  University of Alberta Edmonton  Alberta  Canada     

