---
layout: post
title: "CP'17 call for papers"
shorttitle: CP'17 abstract submission 
author: "Yael Ben-Haim"
tags: CFP Deadline
excerpt: "This year, CP will be co-located with SAT and ICLP. Moreover, CP will hold a thematic track on SAT & CP. "
link: http://cp2017.a4cp.org/call_for_papers/ 
deadline: 2017-04-27
---


The Twenty-Third International Conference on Principles and Practice of
Constraint Programming will take place in Melbourne, Australia, from August 28
to September 1, 2017.

This year, CP is co-located with SAT 2017 and ICLP 2017 and follows IJCAI 2017,
also held in Melbourne.

The CP conference series concerns all aspects of computing with constraints,
including: theory, algorithms, environments, languages, models, systems, and
applications.

The CP 2017 programme will include presentations of high-quality scientific
papers on the theory and applications of constraints technology. A number of
invited talks will also be presented that will describe important topics
relevant to the field.

### Thematic tracks


Along with workshops, tutorials, the doctoral program, the main technical paper
track, and an application track, we will adhere to the structure that has been
adopted in the past few years with the  following thematic tracks:

- CP & Biology
- CP & Machine Learning
- CP & Operations Research
- CP & SAT
- CP & Testing and Verification

Each track has a dedicated sub-committee to ensure that reviewers have the
relevant domain expertise.

### Sister Conferences & Journals Track

CP 2017 is also calling for submissions of papers that have appeared or been
accepted recently (in the past two years) in relevant journals and sister
conferences but have never been presented at CP or CPAIOR. The selected papers
will be presented at the conference and an abstract will appear in the
proceedings.

### Journal Fast Track

As with previous editions of CP, a small number of the submissions will be
invited to the Journal Fast Track for publication of an extended version in the
Constraints journal after a subsequent round of reviewing.
Authors should be aware that (with the exception of the Sister Conferences &
Journal track) CP 2017 follows a double-blind reviewing process.

### Important Dates

- Abstract Submission: April 27, 2017
- Paper Submission: April 30, 2017
- Author Feedback: May 29 - June 1, 2017
- Notification: June 12, 2017
- Camera-ready: June 26, 2017

