---
layout: post
title:  "CP 2018 - August 37 - 31, 2018 - Lille, France"
shorttitle: CP'18 paper submission
author: George Katsirelos
deadline: 2018-04-12
tags: CFP Deadline
link: http://cp2018.a4cp.org/
excerpt: CP 2018 will take place in Lille, France in late August
---

CALL FOR PAPERS
---------------

24th International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint
Programming

Lille, France | August 27 to August 31, 2018

The Twenty-Fourth Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint
Programming will take place in Lille, France, 27-31 August 2018.

http://cp2018.a4cp.org/

SCOPE
-----

The CP conference series concerns all aspects of computing with
constraints, including: theory, algorithms, environments, languages,
models, systems, and applications.

The CP 2018 programme will include presentations of high-quality
scientific papers and tutorials on both theory and
applications. Invited talks will describe important topics relevant to
the field. There are also workshops and a doctoral program for
students.

TRACKS
------

The conference features a main Technical Track, an Applications Track,
and various thematic tracks, which include:

- CP & Data Science
- CP & Operations Research
- CP & Music
- Testing and Verification
- Multiagent and Parallel CP
- CP, Optimization, & Power System Management

Papers are submitted to individual tracks. They would normally relate
to CP technology, but submissions that deal with constraint solving
and are of potential interest to the CP community are also
invited. The thematic tracks, in particular, are intended to reach out
to researchers beyond the CP community. Each track has a dedicated
chair and subcommittee to ensure that reviewers have the relevant
domain expertise.

SUBMISSION
----------

Paper submission is via EasyChair, and reviewing is double blind. Please see the conference website for further details and a complete list of tracks.

Important Dates

12 April 2018 - Abstract submission

18 April 2018 - Paper submission

15-19 May 2018 - Author response period

1 June 2018 - Notification

15 June 2018 - Camera-ready