---
layout: post
title: "16 PhD Positions in Austria - Logical Methods in Computer Science"
shorttitle: "PhD in Austria"
author: Stefan Szeider
link: http://logic-cs.at/phd/
tags: PhD Position
---
Three Austrian universities TU Wien, TU Graz, and JKU Linz are seeking exceptionally talented and motivated students for their joint doctoral program on Logical Methods in Computer Science (LogiCS). LogiCS has been established in 2014 and currently includes 44 students.

### THE PROGRAM

LogiCS focuses on logic and its applications in computer science. Successful applicants will work on interdisciplinary research topics covering

(i) computational logic, 
(ii) databases and artificial intelligence,  
(iii) computer-aided verification, and 
(iv) emerging application domains, such as cyber-physical systems, distributed systems, and security & privacy.

### FACULTY MEMBERS

Austria has a vibrant and highly active and successful logic in computer science community. Students are supervised by leading researchers in their fields:

    M. Baaz		E. Bartocci	A. Biere	R. Bloem         
    A. Ciabattoni	G. Gottlob	T. Eiter	C. Fermueller    
    R. Grosu	        L. Kovacs	M. Maffei	M. Ortiz             
    R. Pichler	        U. Schmid	M. Seidl	S. Szeider    
    G. Weissenbacher				        S. Woltran

Details are provided on http://logic-cs.at/faculty/

### POSITIONS AND FUNDING

We are looking for 16 doctoral students, where 30% of the positions are reserved for highly qualified female candidates.  The doctoral positions are funded for a period of 4 years according to the funding scheme of the Austrian Science Fund (details: http://www.fwf.ac.at/de/forschungsfoerderung/personalkostensaetze/). Additional positions will be available through other funding. 

### HOW TO APPLY

Detailed information about the application process is available on the LogiCS web-page
http://logic-cs.at/phd/admission/

The applicants are expected to have completed an excellent master's degree in computer science, mathematics, or a related field. Candidates with comparable achievements (e.g., bachelor of honors) may be considered on a case-by-case basis. Applications by the candidates need to be submitted electronically. The positions will be filled on continuous basis till October 2018. The evaluation of applications will start on 1st of March, 2018. 

### STUDYING AND LIVING IN AUSTRIA

Austria has a vibrant and highly active and successful logic in computer science  community. Vienna, Graz, and Linz, located close to the Alps, are surrounded by beautiful nature. Vienna is constantly ranked the city with the highest quality of life in the world. Austria has an exciting cultural scene, world-famous historical sites, a large international community, varied cuisine, and famous coffee houses.

For further information please contact: info@logic-cs.at
