---
layout: post
title: "CFP - The 8th International Workshop on Numerical and Symbolic Abstract Domains"
shorttitle: NSAD'19
author: Charlotte Truchet
link: https://staticanalysis.org/nsad2019/
tags: CFP Deadline
deadline: 2019-07-04
excerpt: Abstract domains are a key notion in Abstract Interpretation theory and practice. They embed the semantic choices, data-structures and algorithmic aspects, and implementation decisions. The Abstract Interpretation framework provides constructive and systematic formal methods to design, compose, compare, study, prove, and apply abstract domains. This year's edition will be more open to work in progress, and contributions coming from other close communities such as constraint solving, compilation, worst-case execution time communities, will be welcome.
---

    NSAD 2019
    The 8th International Workshop on Numerical and Symbolic Abstract Domains
    October 8, 2019 
    Porto, Portugal


### Objective

Abstract domains are a key notion in Abstract Interpretation theory and practice. They embed the semantic choices, data-structures and algorithmic aspects, and implementation decisions. The Abstract Interpretation framework provides constructive and systematic formal methods to design, compose, compare, study, prove, and apply abstract domains. Many abstract domains have been designed so far: numerical domains (intervals, congruences, polyhedra, polynomials, etc.), symbolic domains (shape domains, trees, etc.), but also domain operators (products, powersets, completions, etc.), and have been applied to several kinds of static analyses (safety, termination, probability, etc.). Abstract domains are a key notion in Abstract Interpretation theory and practice. They embed the semantic choices, data-structures and algorithmic aspects, and implementation decisions of The 8th International Workshop on Numerical and Symbolic Abstract Domains is intended to discuss on-going works and ideas in the field. This year's edition will be more open to work in progress, and contributions coming from other close communities such as constraint solving, compilation, worst-case execution time communities, will be welcome.

NSAD 2019 will be co-located with [SAS 2019](http://staticanalysis.org/sas2019/).

### Scope

The technical program of TAPAS 2019 will consist of invited lectures together with presentations, based on submitted extended abstracts.

Submissions can cover any aspect of numerical and symbolic abstract domains, such that:

- cases studies or problem statements coming from close communities
- numeric abstract domains
- symbolic abstract domains
- extrapolations and accelerations
- compositions and operations on abstract domains
- data structures and algorithms for abstract domains
- novel applications of abstract domains implementations
- practical experiments and comparisons
- implementations

Like [TAPAS](https://staticanalysis.org/tapas2019/), this workshop welcomes work in progress, overviews of more extensive work, programmatic or position papers and tool presentations.

### Proceedings and post-proceedings

The workshop will have informal proceedings, posted on its web page.

Revised versions of selected papers will be published after the workshop by Springer in a volume of its [Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)](http://www.springer.com/lncs), which will collect contributions to some workshops and symposia co-located with [FM 2019](http://formalmethods2019.inesctec.pt/). Condition for inclusion in the post-proceedings is that at least one of the co-authors has presented the paper at the workshop.

### Submission instructions

Please submit your regular paper (12-15+ pages), short paper (6-8+ pages), or extended abstract (2 pages), in [LNCS style](https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines), via the [NSAD 2019 author interface of EasyChair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nsad2019).

All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the program committee for quality and relevance.

### Important Dates

- Submission deadline: July 4, 2019 on easychair (link TBA)
- Notification of acceptance: August 2
- Final version due: August 31
- Workshop: October 8

### Venue and Registration

Please see the [main SAS page](http://staticanalysis.org/sas2019/) for details.

### Program Committee

- Laure Gonnord, Université de Lyon, France (chair)
- Clément Ballabriga (Univ Lille, France)
- Mehdi Bouaziz (Facebook, London)
- Matthieu Martel (Univ Perpignan, France)
- Isabella Mastroeni (Univ Verona, Italy)
- Pascal Sotin (Univ Toulouse, France)
- Charlotte Truchet (Univ Nantes, France)
