---
layout: post
title: "SAT conference hosting call for proposals"
author: Fahiem Bacchus
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SAT hosting CFP
link: http://satassociation.org/
deadline: 2019-06-09
---

As we have done in the past we are seeking proposals for hosting and
organizing SAT 2020. 

Proposals or intentions to host SAT 2020 have to be sent to the board of the
SAT association, which consists of

+  Fahiem Bacchus <fbacchus@cs.toronto.edu> (chair)
+  Armin Biere <biere@jku.at> (vice-chair)
+  Hans Kleine Buening <kbcsl@upb.de> (treasurer)

by Sunday, June 9th, 2019 (anywhere on earth).

The steering committee will take votes on the proposals and a single
winner is determined by instant-runoff voting, also known as
preferential voting.  If there is a tie, then the chair of the
association has an additional vote.

Preferential votes will be collected by the chair from the steering
committee members non-anonymously, also non-anonymously shared among
the board members and then published anonymously together with the
result of the voting.

The steering committee consists of the chairs of the last four conferences
(SAT'15 - SAT'18).

+ Marijn Heule
  The University of Texas at Austin, USA
+ Sean Weaver
  Trusted Systems Research Group, USA
+ Daniel Le Berre
  Université d'Artois, France
+ Nadia Creignou
  Laboratoire d'Informatique Fondamentale de Marseille, France
+ Serge Gaspers
  UNSW Sydney and Data61, CSIRO
+ Toby Walsh
  UNSW Sydney and Data61, CSIRO
+ Olaf Beyersdorff
  Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Germany
+ Christoph Wintersteiger
  Microsoft, United Kingdom

A proposal should discuss: date, duration, location, organizers (with
specific mention of who will serve as program chairs), available
administrative support, concept (conference, summer school, workshops,
etc.), catering (lunch and coffee), social events, banquet, expected
registration cost, accommodation (hotels, dorms), etc.  We would also
appreciate concrete proposals to co-locate with smaller or bigger
conferences.

In general we try to organize the process of selecting place and
chairs of the conference as open and democratic as possible.  Also
please feel free to explore with the board or any member of the
steering committee any interest you might have in hosting, and we will
be happy to provide guidance.