---
layout: post
title: "Call for Papers:  SC-square Workshop 2019"
shorttitle: SC-Square'19
author: "Alberto Griggio"
tags: CFP Deadline
link: https://mathsites.unibe.ch/siamag19/
deadline: 
---
4th International Workshop on Satisfiability Checking and Symbolic Computation, Wed. 10 July 2019, University of Bern, Switzerland.


The 4th SC-Square Workshop is a minisymposium at: SIAM Conference on Applied Algebraic Geometry 2019, Bern, Switzerland, 9--13 July 2019.

[Main conference website](https://mathsites.unibe.ch/siamag19/)

[SC-Square Workshop website](http://www.sc-square.org/CSA/workshop4.html)


### Key Dates

+ Submission deadline  Sat.  20 April 2019
+ Notification         Sat.  18   May 2019
+ Final version        Fri.  31   May 2019
+ Workshop date        Wed.  10  July 2019


### Scope

Symbolic Computation is concerned with the efficient algorithmic
determination of exact solutions to complicated mathematical problems.
Satisfiability Checking has recently started to tackle similar problems
but with different algorithmic and technological solutions.

The two communities share many central interests, but researchers from
these two communities rarely interact.  Also, the lack of common or
compatible interfaces for tools is an obstacle to their fruitful
combination.  Bridges between the communities in the form of common
platforms and road-maps are necessary to initiate an exchange, and to
support and direct their interaction.  The aim of this workshop is to
provide an opportunity to discuss, share knowledge and experience across
both communities.


### Submitting to the Workshop

The workshop is open for submission and participation to everyone
interested in the topics, whether or not they were members or associates
of the (now finished) H2020 FETOPEN CSA project "SC-Square".

The topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- Satisfiability Checking for Symbolic Computation
- Symbolic Computation for Satisfiability Checking
- Applications relying on both Symbolic Computation and Satisfiability Checking
- Combination of Symbolic Computation and Satisfiability Checking tools
- Decision procedures and their embedding into SMT solvers and computer algebra systems

### Submission guidelines

Submissions should be in English, formatted in Springer LNCS style and
submitted via [EasyChair using this link](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=scsquare2019)

We invite three types of submissions:

1. NORMAL PAPERS, describing research not published or submitted elsewhere (with a limit of 15 pages).
2. EXTENDED ABSTRACTS, may be position papers, description of research prospects, challenges, projects, ongoing works, or applications relevant to SC-square (with a limit of 8 pages).
3. POSTERS

To receive the appropriate level of peer review, please declare your
category of your submission by prefixing the title on the EasyChair form
with "NP", "EA" or "PO" accordingly.

For consistency, all submissions must use the LNCS style.  The style
files [are here](ftp://ftp.springernature.com/cs-proceeding/llncs/llncs2e.zip)

We plan to publish the proceedings of the workshop digital form, hosted
with [CEUR-WS](http://ceur-ws.org/).  Authors may opt out of this,
should they prefer to publish the material elsewhere.

People from industry and business are warmly invited to submit papers to
describe their problems, challenges, goals, and expectations for the
SC-square community.


### Workshop Co-Chairs

+ John Abbott (Universitaet Passau, Germany)
+ Alberto Griggio (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy)

### Program Committee

+ Erika Ábrahám  (RWTH Aachen)
+ Martin Brain  (Univ. Oxford)
+ Matthew England  (Coventry University)
+ Konstantin Korovin  (Univ. Manchester)
+ Laura Kovacs  (TU Wien, Vienna)
+ David Monniaux (Univ. Grenoble)
+ Stefan Ratschan  (Acad. Sci. Prague)
+ Thomas Sturm  (CNRS Nancy)


### Earlier Workshops in the series

This is the 4th workshop in the series (originally created by the
H2020 FETOPEN CSA Project "SC-Square"):

1. the First SC2 Workshop took place in Timisoara, Romania in 2016;
2. the Second SC2 Workshop took place in Kaiserslautern, Germany in 2017;
3. the Third SC2 Workshop took place in Oxford, UK in 2018.

See [SC-Square main website](http://www.sc-square.org/)