---
layout: post
title: "Call for Participation: 2019 SAT Race"
author: Marijn Heule
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SAT Race 2019
link: http://sat-race-2019.ciirc.cvut.cz
deadline: 2019-04-15
---

The 2019 SAT Race is a competitive event for solvers of the Boolean
Satisfiability (SAT) problem. It is organized as a satellite event to
the 22th International Conference on Theory and Applications of
Satisfiability Testing and stands in the tradition of the yearly SAT
Competitions / Races / Challenges.  The deadline for submitting
benchmarks and solvers is Monday April 15, 2019 (23:59 GMT -12,
anywhere on earth). Visit the SAT Race website at
http://sat-race-2019.ciirc.cvut.cz/ for details.

### Benchmarks

We strongly recommend participants to submit benchmarks, although it
is not mandatory this year. The availability of many new benchmarks
instances will increase the quality of the SAT Race. Everyone is
welcome to contribute benchmarks (also if no solver is submitted). The
organizers prefer to have as many interesting benchmark submissions as
possible. A benchmark is considered interesting if it is not too easy
(solvable by MiniSat in a minute) or too hard (most solvers require
many hours of solving time on a computer similar to the nodes of the
StarExec cluster).

### Solvers

The SAT Race consists of only one track, which is similar to the Main
Track of the SAT Competitions. The solvers will be ranked using the
PAR-2 scheme: The score of a solver is defined as the sum of all
runtimes for solved instances + 2*timeout for unsolved instances,
lowest score wins. Solvers must be submitted as source code only and
the sources of participants will be released after the Race.

### Objective

The area of SAT Solving has seen tremendous progress over the last
years. Many problems (e.g. in hardware and software verification) that
seemed to be completely out of reach a decade ago can now be handled
routinely. Besides new algorithms and better heuristics, refined
implementation techniques turned out to be vital for this success. To
keep up the driving force in improving SAT solvers, we want to
motivate implementors to present their work to a broader audience and
to compare it with that of others.