---
layout: post
title: "32th IEEE International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence"
shorttitle: IEEE ICTAI’2020
author: "Jean-Marie Lagniez"
tags: CFP Deadline
excerpt: "The next ICTAI conference is taking place virtually. Check the submission deadline now!"
link: http://www.ictai2020.org/
deadline: 2020-06-10
---



# Call for Papers *** Submission deadline June 10, 2020 ***



Special Track on SAT and CSP



at the



32th IEEE International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence (IEEE ICTAI’2020)

http://www.ictai2020.org/

November 09-11, 2020

Virtual Conference (please note that the conference will be held online)



Constraint Programming (CP) and Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) are two related major topics of research in Artificial Intelligence.  They have proved to be the most efficient techniques at the heart of general-purpose combinatorial problem solving, with application ranging from automation of logics, verification, planning and scheduling, both in academic research and industry.



Over the years, the ICTAI conference has become a major forum for the CSP and SAT research communities for presenting new high-quality results.  The special track SAT/CSP@ICTAI2020 is intended to be a forum for new ideas and techniques using satisfiability and constraint solving.  It particularly welcomes new core solving techniques, extensions to other domains of AI and applications.





## Topics


Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:



* SAT, SMT and CSP Solvers
* Modeling, methodologies and tools
* Implementation of solvers and global constraints
* Applications of CSP and SAT-based technologies
* Complete, incomplete and hybrid search techniques, heuristics, metaheuristics
* AI techniques based on SAT and CSP
* Tractable classes of problems, FPT, decompositions
* Soft and weighted constraints, optimization, MAX-SAT, MAX-CSP
* Machine learning, deep learning in SAT and CSP
* Social network engineering with SAT and CSP


## Submissions


Submissions must contain original high quality research work.  Full papers should be up to 8 pages and follow the standard IEEE formatting instructions for conference papers (single-spaced, double-column, 10-point font size).



Papers must be submitted in pdf only through the Easychair special track submission page (https://www.easyacademia.org/ictai2020).  See submission instructions in http://ictai2020.org/



All papers will be reviewed by at least three members of the program committee.  Papers must report high-quality original work, be unpublished and not submitted elsewhere during the whole ICTAI review process.



Each accepted paper must be presented by one of the authors and accompanied by at least one full ICTAI 2020 registration fee payment, to guarantee publication in the proceedings.





Proceedings and Special Journal Issue

=============================



All papers accepted in the CSP and SAT technologies special track will be included in the ICTAI 2020 main proceedings published by the IEEE Computer Society.  Extended versions of the best papers are expected to be invited for publication in a special issue of an International Journal after an additional round of reviews.





## Important Dates


* Paper submission: June 10,      2020
* Notification:     August 16,    2020

* Camera-ready:     September 20, 2020





## Program Committee


TBD



## Contact

For reaching the PC Chairs (Jean-Marie Lagniez and Arnaud Lallouet), please send email to jean.marie.lagniez@huawei.com, arno.lallouet@gmail.com
