---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2021 Call for Papers"
author: Jesús Giráldez-Cru
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SAT'21 call for papers
excerpt: "The annual international SAT conference will be held in Barcelona, Spain, from July 5-9, 2021."
link: https://www.iiia.csic.es/sat2021
deadline: 2021-03-19
---
24th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing
SAT-2021, July 5-9, 2021, Barcelona, Spain

SAT 2021 welcomes scientific contributions addressing different aspects of the satisfiability problem, interpreted in a broad sense. Domains include MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints, Quantified Boolean Formulae (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT), as well as Constraint Satisfaction Problems (CSP). Topics include, but are not restricted to:

+ Theoretical advances;
+ Practical search algorithms;
+ Knowledge compilation;
+ Implementation-level details of SAT solving tools and SAT-based systems;
+ Problem encodings and reformulations;
+ Applications;
+ Case studies and reports on insightful findings based on rigorous experimentation.

### Important Dates 

+ Abstract submission: March 15th
+ Paper submission: March 19th
+ Author response period: April 26-27th
+ Author notification: May 5th
+ Conference: July 5-9th

### Submission and Publication

Submissions to SAT 2021 are solicited in three paper categories, describing original contributions.

+ Long papers (9 to 15 pages, excluding references)
+ Short papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references)
+ Tool papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references)

All papers submissions are done exclusively via EasyChair in Springer’s LaTeX llncs2e style.

Long and short papers should contain original research, with sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. For papers reporting experimental results, authors are strongly encouraged to make their data and implementations available with their submission. Submissions reporting on case studies are also encouraged, and should describe details, weaknesses, and strengths in sufficient depth. Long and short papers will be evaluated with the same quality standards, and are expected to contain a similar contribution per page ratio.

Tool papers must obey to a specific content criteria. A tool paper should describe the implemented tool and its novel features. Here “tools” are interpreted in a broad sense, including descriptions of implemented solvers, preprocessors, etc., as well as systems that exploit SAT solvers or their extensions for use in interesting problem domains. A demonstration is expected to accompany a tool presentation. Papers describing tools that have already been presented previously are expected to contain significant and clear enhancements to the tool.

All accepted papers are expected to be published in the proceedings of the conference, which will be published within the Springer LNCS series.

### Best Paper Awards

Long and short papers may be considered for a Best Paper Award. If the main author is a student, both in terms of work and writing, the paper may be considered for a Best Student Paper Award.

### Student Grants

SAT 2021 will provide free registration to all the PhD students with an accepted paper.

