---
layout: post
title: CP'2021 - Call For Tutorial Proposals
shorttitle: CP'21 tutorial proposals
author: "Véronique Rousseau"
tags: CFP Deadline
deadline: 2021-06-01
link: https://cp2021.a4cp.org
excerpt: "Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 27th Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming will be transformed into a fully virtual event."
---
The CP conference is the premier annual international conference on constraint programming. It is concerned with all aspects of computing with constraints, including but not limited to algorithms, environments, languages, models, systems, theory, and applications such as decision making, resource allocation, configuration, planning, and scheduling.

We invite proposals for tutorials to be held at CP2021 which may be delivered in virtual (pre-recorded, or on-line) form. Tutorials will be scheduled during the conference, which will take place from October 25 to 29, 2021. The length of tutorials will be 90 minutes.

The Tutorial Program is intended to disseminate information to conference attendees on recently emerging topics and trends, provide surveys of complementary techniques to those commonly studied at CP, and inform industrial practitioners on the state-of-the-art within the field. Tutorials will be given by experts in the subject matter.

Tutorial proposals should be emailed to the tutorial chair [Anastasia Paparrizou](mailto:paparrizou@cril.fr) by June 1, 2021. Notifications will be provided within 2 weeks. A tutorial proposal, which should not exceed two pages overall, should include:

- Title
- Presenter/organizer name(s) and affiliations
- Abstract (less than 300 words)
- Motivation (suitability for the CP audience)
- Presenter/organizer biography (or link to webpage) and connection to the tutorial topic.

For further inquiries or to submit your proposal please contact the tutorial chair : [Anastasia Paparrizou](mailto:paparrizou@cril.fr)