---
layout: post
title: CP'2021 - Call For Papers
shorttitle: CP'21 paper submission
author: "Véronique Rousseau"
tags: CFP Deadline
deadline: 2021-05-21
link: https://cp2021.a4cp.org
excerpt: "Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 27th Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming will be transformed into a fully virtual event."
---
The CP conference series concerns all aspects of computing with constraints, including: theory, algorithms, environments, languages, models, systems, and applications. It welcomes submissions that advance the state of the art for the underlying technologies as well as papers that explore the role of constraint programming within other disciplines such as, for instance: operation research, machine learning and verification.

The CP 2021 programme will include presentations of high-quality scientific papers and tutorials on both theory and applications. Invited talks will describe important topics relevant to the field. The CP programme also welcomes workshops for discussing in-progress work and provides support to students through its doctoral program, which includes a dedicated one day doctoral conference, mentorship by experienced researchers and more.

### Important dates

All deadlines are AoE. Dates are intended as [anywhere on Earth](https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe). 

- May 14, 2021 Abstract Submission
- May 21,2021 Full Paper submission 
- June 21, 2021 Author response due
- July 5, 2021 Final Notification
- July 19, 2021 Camera-ready

### Submissions Instructions

Paper submission is via [EasyChair (CP 2021)](https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=cp2021#). Each submission should be directed to the suitable track. 

CP21 is switching from Springer to LIPIcs for its proceedings. It is therefore crucial for authors to follows the guidelines provided below and not start from an old style file that is appropriate for Springer only.

The submissions should be submitted in the form of a PDF file following [LIPIcs guidelines](https://submission.dagstuhl.de/documentation/authors). The site linked above has examples and the necessary style files. Please read the [directions](https://submission.dagstuhl.de/styles/instructions/52) attentively as specific LaTeX packages are prohibited or restricted.

### Other Informations

Questions about the paper submission process may be addressed to the Program Chair [Laurent Michel](mailto:ldm+cp21@engr.uconn.edu).

