---
layout: post
title: "Call for Participation: the 2021 SAT Competition"
author: Marijn Heule
tags: CFP  
shorttitle: SAT Competition 2021
excerpt: "The 2021 SAT Competition is a competitive event for solvers of
the Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) problem. It is organized as a
satellite event to the 24th International Conference on Theory
and Applications of Satisfiability Testing and stands in the
tradition of the yearly SAT Competitions, Races, and Challenges."
link: https://satcompetition.github.io/2021/
---
The 2021 SAT Competition is a competitive event for solvers of the
Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) problem. It is organized as a satellite
event to the 24th International Conference on Theory and Applications
of Satisfiability Testing and stands in the tradition of the yearly
SAT Competitions, Races, and Challenges. The deadline for submitting
benchmarks and solvers is Wednesday, March 31, 2021 (23:59 GMT -12).

The area of SAT solving has seen tremendous progress over the last
years. Many problems in applications such as hardware and software
verification that seemed to be completely out of reach a decade ago
can now be handled routinely. Besides new algorithms and better
heuristics, refined implementation techniques turned out to be vital
for this success.

To keep up the driving force in improving SAT solvers, we want to
motivate developers to present their work to a broader audience and to
compare it with that of others.

The 2021 SAT Competition will consist of the following tracks:

- Main Track (including a **new** CaDiCaL-Hack subtrack)
- Parallel Track
- Cloud Track
- Incremental Track
- Crypto Track (**new**)
- No-Limits Track

### New this year:

Crypto track

: Apart from evaluating solvers on a broad range of benchmarks, the SAT Competition started with a track that is dedicated to a single application of SAT solvers. The application chosen for
2021 is Cryptography. This track includes 100 satisfiable and 100
unsatisfiable formulas of varying size and difficulty.

CaDiCaL-Hack subtrack

: After the success of the MiniSAT and
Glucose hack tracks in the past, the 2021 SAT Competition will use the
recently released CaDiCaL version 1.4. Participants of the Main track
will qualify as a CaDiCaL Hack if the diff between the patched and
modified sources of CaDiCaL 1.4 is less than 1000 non-space
characters.

### Changes incorporated from recent competitions

BYOB - Bring your own Benchmarks

: each Main Track participant (team) is required to submit 20 new benchmark instances (not seen in
previous competitions). At least 10 of those benchmarks should be "interesting": not too easy (i.e., not solved by MiniSat within one
minute on modern hardware) or not too hard (unsolvable by the participant's own solver within one hour on a computer similar to the
nodes of the StarExec cluster).

The solvers will be ranked using the PAR-2 scheme

: The score of a
solver is defined as the sum of all runtimes for solved instances plus
2*timeout for unsolved instances, lowest score wins.

Cloud track

: Amazon Web Services is enabling and sponsoring a
"cloud track" for the SAT Competition in 2021. The solvers in this
track will run on 100 16-core computers each with 64GB RAM that can
communicate using standard protocols (ssh, MPI) with a timeout of 1000
seconds (wall-clock time) per benchmark problem. Amazon Web Services
will provide $1000 in AWS credits for building and evaluating solvers,
which should be more than enough for development and testing purposes.
The benchmark suite will consist of hard instances, both old
(unsolvable instances from prior competitions) and new ones, including
formulas provided by AWS and participating teams. See
https://satcompetition.github.io/2021/track_cloud.html