---
layout: post
title: "20th International Workshop on Satisfiability Modulo Theories"
shorttitle: "SMT 2022"
author: "Antti Hyvarinen"
tags: CFP
excerpt: "The 20th edition of the SMT workshop is taking place in Haifa, and we're looking for contributions!"
link: http://smt-workshop.cs.uiowa.edu/2022/
deadline: 2022-05-15
---
## SMT2022 Call For Papers

 * SMT 2022: 20th International Workshop on Satisfiability Modulo Theories
 * Haifa, Israel, August 11-12, 2022
 * Conference website	http://smt-workshop.cs.uiowa.edu/2022/
 * Submission link	https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=smt2022
 * Submission deadline	May 15, 2022
 * Notification	June 24, 2022

### Overview

SMT 2022 is the 20th International Workshop on Satisfiability Modulo
Theories. It is affiliated with IJCAR 2022, part of FLoC2022, and will
be held on August 11th-12th, 2022, in Haifa, Israel.

The aim of the workshop is to bring together researchers and users of
SMT tools and techniques. Relevant topics include but are not limited
to:

  * Decision procedures and theories of interest
  * Combinations of decision procedures
  * Novel implementation techniques
  * Benchmarks and evaluation methodologies
  * Applications and case studies
  * Theoretical results

Papers on pragmatic aspects of implementing and using SMT tools, as
well as novel applications of SMT, are especially encouraged. In
addition, to celebrate the 20th edition of the workshop, we challenge
the community to submit high-impact work!

### Submission Guidelines

Three categories of submissions are invited:

 1. Extended abstracts: given the informal style of the workshop, we
    strongly encourage the submission of preliminary reports of work
    in progress. They may range in length from very short (a couple of
    pages) to the full 10 pages and they will be judged based on the
    expected level of interest for the SMT community. They will be
    included in the informal proceedings.

 2. Original papers: contain original research (simultaneous
    submissions are not allowed) and sufficient detail to assess the
    merits and relevance of the submission. For papers reporting
    experimental results, authors are strongly encouraged to make
    their data available.

 3. Presentation-only papers: describe work recently published or
    submitted and will not be included in the proceedings. We see this
    as a way to provide additional access to important developments
    that SMT Workshop attendees may be unaware of.

Papers in all three categories will be peer-reviewed. Papers should
not exceed 10 pages and should be in standard-conforming PDF. The 10
page limit does not include references, and technical details may be
included in an appendix to be read at the reviewers' discretion. Final
versions should be prepared in LaTeX using the easychair.cls class
file. To submit a paper, go to the EasyChair SMT 2022 submission page
and follow the instructions there.

### Committees

#### Program Chairs

  * David Déharbe − CLEARSY
  * Antti Hyvärinen − Università della Svizzera Italiana

#### Program Committee

  * Leonard Alt − Ethereum Foundation
  * Haniel Barbosa − Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
  * Nikolaj Bjørner − Microsoft Research
  * Maria Paola Bonacina − Università degli Studi di Verona
  * Martin Bromberger − Max-Planck Institut für Informatik
  * Rayna Dimitrova − CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security
  * Pascal Fontaine − Université de Liège
  * Stéphane Graham-Lengrand − SRI International
  * Liana Hadarean − Amazon Web Services
  * Jochen Hoenicke − University of Freiburg
  * Chantal Keller − Université Paris-Saclay
  * Igor Konnov − Informal Systems Austria
  * Matteo Marescotti − Meta Platforms, UK
  * Aina Niemetz − Stanford University
  * Elizabeth Polgreen − University of Edinburgh
  * Mathias Preiner − Stanford University
  * Andrew Reynolds − University of Iowa
  * Tanja Schindler − University of Freiburg
  * Sophie Tourret − INRIA and MPI for Informatics
  * Yoni Zohar − Bar Ilan University

### Contact

All questions about submissions should be emailed to the PC chairs.

