---
layout: post
title: "PhD positions in TCS and/or combinatorial optimization (deadline January 10, 2023)"
shorttitle: "PhD @ Copenhagen"
author: Jakob Nordström
link:  http://www.jakobnordstrom.se/openings/PhD-UCPH-230110.html
deadline: 2023-01-10
tags: PhD Position Deadline
excerpt: The Department of Computer Science (DIKU) at the University of Copenhagen invites applications for PhD positions in theoretical computer science and/or combinatorial optimization.
---

The Department of Computer Science (DIKU) at the University of Copenhagen invites applications for PhD positions in theoretical computer science and/or combinatorial optimization.
 
The PhD students will be part of a world-leading research environment (currently ranked 11th worldwide by CSrankings.org in algorithms and complexity theory), with a strong presence at top-tier conferences like STOC, FOCS, and SODA, and also with publications in premier AI venues like AAAI, IJCAI, and NeurIPS. We are home to the Basic Algorithms Research Copenhagen (BARC) centre (barc.ku.dk), joint with the IT University of Copenhagen, and have extensive collaborations with the Technical University of Denmark (DTU) and with Lund University on the Swedish side of the Oresund Bridge, as well as with our many visitors. We aim to attract top talent from around the world to an ambitious, creative, collaborative, and fun environment. Using the power of mathematics, we strive to create fundamental breakthroughs in algorithms and complexity theory. While our focus in on foundational research, we do have a track record of surprising algorithmic discoveries leading to major industrial applications.
 
These positions are available for period of 3-5 years, depending on the current education level of the applicant. All our PhD positions are fully funded, employed positions (including travel money) that come with an internationally competitive salary. The starting date is negotiable, but the default is August-September 2023.
 
The application deadline is January 10, 2023. Please see [the application web page](http://www.jakobnordstrom.se/openings/PhD-UCPH-230110.html) for more information and instructions how to apply. Informal enquiries are welcome and can be made to Mikkel Abrahamsen (miab@di.ku.dk), Jakob Nordstrom (jn@di.ku.dk), or Rasmus Pagh (pagh@di.ku.dk). Candidates interested in working with other faculty in the Algorithms and Complexity Section at DIKU are also encouraged to apply.
 

    Jakob Nordström, Professor
    University of Copenhagen and Lund University
    Phone: +46 70 742 21 98
    http://www.jakobnordstrom.se