TBA!


---
layout: post
title: "CFP - 8th International Workshop on Quantified Boolean Formulas and Beyond"
shorttitle: QBF'21
author: Florian Lonsing
link: https://www.ac.tuwien.ac.at/qbf2021/
tags: CFP Deadline QBF
deadline: 2021-05-31
excerpt: The goal of the International Workshop on Quantified Boolean Formulas and Beyond is to bring together researchers working on theoretical and practical aspects of QBF solving and related formalisms involving quantifiers. The workshop addresses theoreticians and practitioners in order to reflect on the state-of-the-art in research and to consolidate on immediate and long-term challenges.
---

# QBF 2021: CALL FOR PAPERS

International Workshop on
Quantified Boolean Formulas and Beyond

To be held virtually as a 1/2-day event, 
during SAT 2021 (July 5-9, 2021)
https://www.ac.tuwien.ac.at/qbf2021

Affiliated to and co-located with:
Int. Conf. on Theory and Applications
of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2021)
July 5-9, 2021

-------------------------------------------------------------

Quantified Boolean formulas (QBF) are an extension of propositional
logic which allows for explicit quantification over propositional
variables. The decision problem of QBF is PSPACE-complete, compared to
the NP-completeness of the decision problem of propositional logic (SAT).

Many problems from application domains such as model checking, formal
verification or synthesis are PSPACE-complete, and hence could be
encoded in QBF in a natural way. Considerable progress has been made
in QBF solving throughout the past years. However, in contrast to SAT,
QBF is not yet widely applied to practical problems in academic or
industrial settings. For example, the extraction and validation of
models of (un)satisfiability of QBFs has turned out to be
challenging, given that state-of-the-art solvers implement different
solving paradigms.

The goal of the International Workshop on Quantified Boolean Formulas
(QBF Workshop) is to bring together researchers working on theoretical
and practical aspects of QBF solving. In addition to that, it
addresses (potential) users of QBF in order to reflect on the
state-of-the-art and to consolidate on immediate and long-term
research challenges.

The workshop also welcomes work on reasoning with quantifiers in
related problems, such as dependency QBF (DQBF), quantified constraint
satisfaction problems (QCSP), and satisfiability modulo theories (SMT)
with quantifiers.

## IMPORTANT DATES

- May   31: Submission
- June   7: Notification of acceptance
- June  21: Final versions of accepted papers due
- July 5-9: Workshop (actual date depends on SAT Conference schedule)

Please see the workshop webpage for any updates:
https://www.ac.tuwien.ac.at/qbf2021

## CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

The workshop is concerned with all aspects of current research on all
formalisms enriched by quantifiers, and in particular QBF. The topics
of interest include (but are not limited to):

- Applications, encodings and benchmarks with quantifiers
- QBF Proof theory and complexity results
- Experimental evaluations of solvers or related tools
- Case studies illustrating the power of quantifiers
- Certificates and proofs for QBF, QCSP, SMT with quantifiers, etc.
- Formats of proofs and certificates
- Implementations of proof checkers and verifiers
- Decision procedures
- Calculi and their relationships
- Data structures, implementation details and heuristics
- Pre- and inprocessing techniques
- Structural reasoning

## SUBMISSION

Submissions of extended abstracts are invited and will be managed via
Easychair:

- https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=qbf2021

In particular, we invite the submission of extended abstracts on work
that has been published already, novel unpublished work, or work in
progress.

The following forms of submissions are solicited:

- Proposals for short tutorial presentations on topics related to the
workshop. Tutorial proposals will be reviewed by the PC. The number
of accepted tutorials depends on the overall number of accepted
papers and talks, with the aim to set up a balanced workshop
program.

- Talk abstracts reporting on already published work. Such an abstract
should include an outline of the planned talk, and pointers to
relevant bibliography.

- Talk proposals presenting work that is unpublished or in progress.

- Submissions which describe novel applications of QBF or related
formalisms in various domains are particularly welcome.
Additionally, this call comprises known applications which have been
shown to be hard for QBF solvers in the past as well as new
applications for which present QBF solvers might lack certain
features still to be identified.

Each submission should have an overall length of 1-4 pages in LNCS
format. Authors may decide to include an appendix with additional
material. Appendices will be considered at the reviewers' discretion.

The accepted extended abstracts will be published on the workshop
webpage. The workshop does not have formal proceedings.

Authors of accepted contributions are expected to give a talk at the
workshop.

## CONTACT

qbf2021@easychair.org

## PROGRAM COMMITTEE

- Hubie Chen, Birkbeck, University of London
- Florian Lonsing, Stanford University
- Martina Seidl, JKU Linz
- Friedrich Slivovsky, TU Wien
