---
layout: post
title: "CFP - 14th International Pragmatics of SAT Workshop"
shorttitle: PoS'23 paper submission
author: Daniel Le Berre
link: http://www.pragmaticsofsat.org/2023/
tags: CFP Deadline
deadline: 2023-05-04
excerpt: The International Pragmatics of SAT Workshop is organized again this year, as a joint event with SAT'23, with dedicated looking back/forward contributions, post-workshop proceedings and SAT'23 fast track.
---

The aim of the Pragmatics of SAT (PoS) workshop series is to provide a venue for researchers working on designing and/or applying Boolean satisfiability (SAT) solvers and related solver technologies, including but not restricting to satisfiability modulo theories (SMT), Answer set programming (ASP), and constraint programming (CP) as well as their optimization counterparts, to meet, communicate, and discuss latest results.

In addition to regular contributions, in celebration of the great success of SAT technology, PoS 2023 invites submissions focused on 'looking back' from the present to the past on key developments in applied SAT research, as well as position talks looking from the present to the future, identifying some of the next major research challenges and promising directions for applied SAT research.

The workshop welcomes several categories of submissions:

- **Original papers** describing original work on a topic of the workshop, including papers whose focus might be too narrow to be published in a conference. Short original papers, approximately 6-8 pages in length, including system descriptions of SAT and related solver technologies are also welcome.

- **Work-in-progress papers** describing less mature work on a topic of the workshop, to gather feedback from the community. It may include papers submitted to conferences or journals, which should be clearly stated in the paper.

- **Presentation-only papers** describing a work on a topic of the workshop recently accepted or published to another conference or a journal, but that the community may have missed (including, e.g., domain-specific applications of declarative solvers at the respective domain-specific conferences). Submissions to this category will be evaluated only on their relevance to the workshop.

- **Position papers** focused on 'looking back' from the present to the past on key developments in applied SAT research.

- **Position talks** looking from the present to the future, identifying some of the next major research challenges and promising directions for applied SAT research (abstract only).

Each submission will be reviewed by at least three members of the programme committee.

Authors should provide enough information and/or data for reviewers to confirm any performance claims. This includes links to a runnable system, access to benchmarks, reference to a public performance results, etc.

**If enough original and position papers are accepted to the workshop (6+), we will have the opportunity to publish those papers on CEUR-WS proceedings.** The papers will be made available open access under the CC BY 4.0 license after the workshop to allow the authors to take into account the feedback received during the workshop.

This year, considering the very tight schedule between the main SAT conference authors notification (May 15) and the workshop (July 4), we will allow a **SAT fast track for original papers**, i.e. papers that do not make it to SAT on topics related to PoS will have the opportunity to be submitted late to PoS as original papers. In this case, reviewing for PoS will mostly be focused on the SAT reviews.

### Important dates

- Abstract submission deadline: April 27, 2023
- Paper submission deadline: May 4, 2023
- SAT fast track paper submission deadline: May 18, 2023
- Notification to authors: May 25, 2023
- Revised version due: June 21, 2023
- Workshop: July 4, 2023
- Post-proceedings deadline (if applicable): August 31, 2023