---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2024 Call for Papers"
author: Supratik Chakraborty
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SAT'24 paper submission
excerpt: "SAT'24 will take place August 21-24 in Pune, India. Submissions (long papers, short papers, tool papers) are expected by March 15th AoE (abstracts due March 8th AoE)."
link: http://satisfiability.org/SAT24/
deadline: 2024-03-15
---

SAT 2024 is the 27th edition of the International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT).  The scope of SAT 2024 includes all aspects of the theory and applications of propositional satisfiability, broadly construed. This also includes Boolean optimization, such as MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints, Quantified Boolean Formulas (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT), Model Counting, and Constraint Programming (CP) for problems with clear connections to Boolean-level reasoning.

Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

- Theoretical advances (including algorithms, proof complexity, parameterized complexity, and other complexity issues)
- Practical search algorithms
- Knowledge compilation
- Implementation-level details of SAT and SMT solving tools and SAT/SMT-based systems
- Problem encodings and reformulations
- Applications (including novel application domains and improvements to existing applications)
- Case studies and reports on insightful findings based on rigorous experimentation

### Out of Scope

Papers claiming to resolve a major long-standing open theoretical question in Mathematics or Computer Science (such as those for which a Millennium Prize is offered), are outside the scope of the conference because there is insufficient time in the schedule to referee such papers; instead, such papers should be submitted to an appropriate technical journal.

### Paper Categories

Submissions to SAT 2024 are invited in the following three categories:

- Long papers (9 to 15 pages, excluding references and appendices)
- Short papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices)
- Tool papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices)

Long and short papers should contain original research, with sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. For papers reporting experimental results, authors are strongly encouraged to make their data and implementation available with the submission. Submissions on applications and case studies are encouraged. Such papers should describe details, weaknesses and strengths of the proposed approaches in sufficient depth, but they are not expected to introduce novel solving methods.

Long and short papers will be evaluated with the same quality standards, and are expected to contain a similar contribution per page ratio.  The authors should choose between a long or a short paper depending on the space they need to fully describe their contribution.The classification between long and short papers impacts the duration of the presentation of the work during the conference. It is the responsibility of the authors to make sure that their paper is self-contained in the chosen limit of pages. There will be no re-classification of submissions by the PC.

Tool papers are expected to report on the design and implementation of a tool, its novel features, strengths, limitations and potential applications. A “tool” is interpreted in a broad sense, including descriptions of solvers, preprocessors etc., as well as systems that exploit SAT and related solvers or their extensions for use in a relevant problem domain. A demonstration is expected to accompany a tool presentation. Papers describing tools that have already been presented previously are expected to contain significant and clear enhancements to the tool.

### Submission

Submissions should not be under review elsewhere nor be submitted elsewhere while under review for SAT 2024, and should not consist of
previously published material. Submissions not consistent with these guidelines may be returned without review.

Papers must be formatted in the [LIPIcs LaTeX style](https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/LIPIcs#author).

Submissions must be made [electronically in PDF format using EasyChair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sat2024).

The reviewing process for SAT 2024 is single-blind.

Authors may submit a supplement containing detailed proofs, examples, software, detailed experimental data, or other material related to the
submission, to be consulted at the discretion of the reviewers. The supplement should not be used as overflow space for the main paper,
which should be self-contained for review purposes.  Supplements will be treated with the same degree of confidentiality as the paper
itself. The supplement must consist of a single file in one of the following formats: zipped tarball (.tar.gz or .tgz), gzipped file (.gz), or zip archive (.zip).

One author of each accepted paper is expected to register for the conference and present it there.

### Important dates

- Abstract submission: March 8, 2024 AoE
- Full paper submission: March 15, 2024 AoE
- Author response: May 9-13, 2024 AoE
- Notification of decisions: May 22, 2024 AoE
- Camera-ready version submission: July 1, 2024 AoE
- Workshops & Indian SAT+SMT School: August 18-20, 2024
- SAT conference: August 21-24, 2024

### Best Paper Awards

Long and short papers may be considered for a Best Paper Award. If the main author is a student, both in terms of work and writing, the paper
may be considered for a Best Student Paper Award.

### Proceedings

All accepted papers will be published as proceedings of the conference in the ​Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)​ as a
free, open, electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published
under a ​CC-BY license​.