---
layout: post
title: "CP 2023 Call for Papers"
author: Anna Latour
tags: CFP Deadline 
shorttitle: CP 2023 CfP
excerpt: "Call for Papers for CP 2023."
link: https://cp2023.a4cp.org/
deadline: 2023-04-27
---


Twenty-Ninth Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming CP 2023 ([cp2023.a4cp.org](https://cp2023.a4cp.org))

**August 27-31, 2023, Toronto, Canada**

CP is the premier international event for presenting research in all aspects of computing with constraints, including, but not restricted to: theory, algorithms, environments, languages, models, systems, and applications. CP 2023 will be held in-person in Toronto at the University of Toronto St. George campus (Downtown), August 27-31, 2023.

It welcomes submissions that advance the state of the art for the underlying technologies as well as papers that explore the role of constraint programming within other disciplines such as: operations research, machine learning, computational sustainability, and (cyber)security. Alongside submissions on constraint solving, NP-hard problem solving and constrained optimization in general, we also encourage and welcome submissions that reach beyond classic constraint programming concepts, for example: any underlying computational technique operating on a declarative constraint model, quantum computing with constraints, etc.

## Tracks

Besides the main technical track, CP 2023 hosts 4 specialized tracks:

 * Applications
 * CP and Machine Learning
 * CP and Operations Research
 * Trustworthy Decision-Making

## Important Dates

 * Abstract registration: April 27, 2023
 * Paper submission: May 2, 2023
 * Final notification: Jul 3, 2023 (tentative)
 * Conference: August 27-31, 2023

Dates are intended as Anywhere on Earth (AoE).

In addition, a "Fast Track" submission process coordinated with the SAT 2023 Conference ([satisfiability.org/SAT23](http://satisfiability.org/SAT23)) is planned. Papers not accepted to SAT 2023 can be revised and submitted to CP 2023 with the proviso that the research is also relevant to the CP conference. More detailed requirements will be available in due course.

 * SAT fast track abstract registration: May 1, 2023
 * SAT fast track paper submission: May 17, 2023
 
 (Please note that the fast track deadlines differ from the
 regular CP submission dates).

## Submission Instructions

The submission Web page for CP2023 is [easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cp2023](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cp2023).

Papers should be submitted in the form of a PDF file following LIPIcs guidelines ([submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author](https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author)).

To open the conference more widely, two types of submissions are expected:

 * Full papers, that can use up to 15 pages (references excluded).

 * Short papers, that can use a maximum of 8 pages (references excluded). Short papers cover early results or results that can be adequately reported in 8 pages. They must nonetheless meet all the expected quality criteria of a CP paper within the 8-page limit.

Both full and short papers should attract a wide audience and will be allocated time for presentation during the conference.

Submissions exceeding the page limits or improperly formatted will be rejected without review.

To facilitate reviewing management, authors who intend to submit a paper to CP 2023 should submit an abstract with a maximum of 150 words, summarizing the contribution of the paper by April 27, 2023. The paper submission must be completed by May 2, 2023.

(For SAT fast track submissions, the abstract and paper submission deadlines are respectively, May 1 and May 17, 2023).

All papers will go through a double-blind reviewing process, meaning that authors and reviewers are anonymous to each other. For this reason, submitted papers should not contain author names, affiliations, or links to identifying websites. References to own papers should be cited in such a way so as not to reveal the authorship of the paper.

A given paper must be submitted to one track only. When necessary, the Program Chair may move a submission to another, more suitable track.

Submitted papers must not appear in, be accepted for, or be under review for another peer-reviewed conference (with archived conference proceedings) or journal. Submissions that have appeared at workshops or other meetings and have not been formally published or have appeared only in highly shortened form (e.g., abstracts) can be submitted as papers.

## Proceedings

Accepted papers (in all tracks) will appear in conference proceedings published by LIPIcs. The proceedings will be available at the time of the conference.

## Other Information

Questions about the paper submission process may be addressed to the Program Chair, Roland Yap ([cp2023@easychair.org](cp2023@easychair.org)).
