---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2024 Call for Workshops"
author: Alexey Ignatiev
deadline: 2024-02-23
tags: SAT CFW Deadline
shorttitle: SAT'24 Call for Workshops
excerpt: "27th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing"
link: http://satisfiability.org/SAT24/
---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                          CALL FOR WORKSHOPS

              Twenty-Seventh International Conference on
          THEORY AND APPLICATIONS OF SATISFIABILITY TESTING
                          --- SAT 2024 ---

                   Pune, India, 19 - 20 August 2024

                   http://satisfiability.org/SAT24/

        Proposal Submissions Due: 23 February, 2024, 23:59 AoE

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SAT 2024 Call for Workshop (Tutorial, Competition) Proposals

The SAT'24 Conference Organizing Committee invites proposals for workshops
(tutorials and competitions) to be held in conjunction with the main
conference in Pune, India. Workshops (and tutorials) offer an opportunity for
in-depth discussions, hands-on experiences, and focused exploration of
specific areas related to satisfiability testing, broadly construed.

## Important Dates

* Proposal submission: February 23, 2024
* Notification of decisions: March 8, 2024
* Workshops: August 19-20 (for two-day workshops), August 20 (for one-day
  workshops), 2024
* Main conference: August 21-24, 2024

## Proposal Submission Guidelines

Workshop (tutorial, competition) proposals are to be submitted by email to the
SAT 2024 Workshop Chairs (with a copy to Program Chairs) and will be reviewed
by the Workshop Chairs, Program Chairs and members of the Steering Committee.
Proposals must consist of the following information:

1. Title and Scope: Clear description of the workshop's theme and its
   relevance to SAT'24.
2. A brief description (up to 120 words) of the event for the website and
   publicity material.
3. Organizers: Names, affiliations, contact information, and brief bios of the
   workshop organizers.
4. Format: Description of workshop format, including planned activities,
   sessions, and duration.
5. Target Audience: Intended participants and estimated audience size.
6. Call for Papers: Plans for soliciting and reviewing workshop papers, if
   applicable.
7. Special Requirements: Any specific technical or logistical requirements for
   the workshop.

## Contact Information

For inquiries and submissions, please contact Workshop Chairs [Alexey
Ignatiev](alexey.ignatiev@monash.edu) and [Daniela
Kaufmann](daniela.kaufmann@tuwien.ac.at)
