---
layout: post
title: "CFP - 16th International Workshop on Pragmatics of SAT (PoS 2025)"
author: Aina Niemetz
tags: POS CFW Deadline
deadline: 2025-05-12
shorttitle: PoS'25 paper submission
excerpt: PoS 2025 will be co-located with the 28th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2025) and the 31st International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP 2025).
link: http://www.pragmaticsofsat.org/2025/
---

The aim of the Pragmatics of SAT (PoS) workshop series is to provide a venue
for researchers working on designing and/or applying Boolean satisfiability
(SAT) solvers and related solver technologies, including but not restricting
to satisfiability modulo theories (SMT), answer set programming (ASP), and
constraint programming (CP) as well as their optimization counterparts, to
meet, communicate, and discuss latest results.

PoS 2025 will be co-located with the 28th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability
Testing (SAT 2025) and the 31st International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP 2025).

+ Workshop Website: http://www.pragmaticsofsat.org/2025/
+ Workshop Location: Gilmorehill Campus, Glasgow, UK
+ Workshop Date: August 11, 2025

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

+ Efficient data structures
+ Techniques for debugging or certifying solvers
+ Visualization of benchmarks structure
+ Monitoring solver behavior
+ Evaluation of solvers
+ Domain specific encodings
+ Domain specific heuristics
+ Solver API
+ System and library description
+ New (successful) application of constraint-based technologies
+ New (potential) use cases of constraint-based technologies
+ Constraint solving and machine learning
+ Scaling using multi-core or distributed technology
+ Reflection on past and projection of future of applied SAT research
(position papers and talks are both welcome)

Submissions must be made electronically, through EasyChair
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pos25), as a PDF using the CEURART one
column style (https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-XXX/CEURART.zip).

### Submission categories

- Original Papers
- Work-in-Progress Papers
- Presentation-Only Papers
- SAT Fast Track

**Original papers** are expected to describe original work, including papers whose
focus might be too narrow to be published in a conference. Both short original
papers (up to 8 pages, excl. references) and long original papers (8-15 pages,
excl. references), including system descriptions of SAT and related solver
technologies are welcome.

**Work-in-Progress papers** are expected to describe less mature work, to gather
feedback from the community. This may include papers submitted to conferences
or journals, which should be clearly stated in the paper.

**Presentation-Only papers** are expected to describe work that was recently
accepted or published at another conference or a journal but may have been
missed by the community (including, e.g., domain-specific applications of
declarative solvers at the respective domain-specific conferences). Submissions
to this category will be evaluated only on their relevance to the workshop.

Additionally, as in 2024, we offer a **SAT Fast Track category** for original
papers on topics related to PoS that did do not make it to SAT 2025. Such
papers will have the opportunity to be submitted late, as original papers. In
this case, reviewing for PoS will mostly be focused on the SAT reviews.

Submissions will be reviewed by the program committee, which will select a
balanced program of high quality contributions. If a sufficient number of
original and competition track papers are accepted for the workshop (6+), a
post-proceedings in CEUR-WS Proceedings will be published.

### Important Dates

- Abstract submission deadline: May 5, 2025 (all submissions except SAT fast track and competition solver descriptions)
- Paper submission deadline: May 12, 2025
- SAT/CP fast track submission deadline: May 30, 2025 (no separate abstract registration is needed)
- Notification to authors: June 20, 2025
- Workshop: August 11, 2025

