---
layout: post
title: "SMT 2025 Call for Papers"
author: Sophie Tourret
tags: SMT CFP Deadline
shorttitle: SMT'25 paper submission
excerpt: "Invitation to submit papers to the SMT workshops to be held together with the 2025 SAT conference."
link: https://smt-workshop.cs.uiowa.edu/2025/cfp.shtml
---

    SMT 2025: 23rd International Workshop on Satisfiability Modulo Theories

    * Glasgow, UK, August 10–11, 2025
    * Affiliated with SAT 2025
    * Submission deadline: *May 14th, 2025*

### Background

Determining the satisfiability of first-order formulas modulo background theories, known as the Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT) problem, has proved to be an enabling technology for verification, synthesis, test generation, compiler optimization, scheduling, and other areas. The success of SMT techniques depends on the development of both domain-specific decision procedures for each background theory (e.g., linear arithmetic, the theory of arrays, or the theory of bit-vectors) and combination methods that allow one to obtain more versatile SMT tools. These ingredients together make SMT techniques well-suited for use in larger automated reasoning and verification efforts.

### Aim and Scope

The aim of the workshop is to bring together researchers and users of SMT tools and techniques. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:

- Decision procedures and theories of interest
- Combinations of decision procedures
- Novel implementation techniques
- Applications and case studies
- Benchmarks and evaluation methodologies
- Theoretical results

### Paper submission and Proceedings

Three categories of submissions are invited:

- Extended abstracts : given the informal style of the workshop, we strongly encourage the submission of preliminary reports of work in progress. They may range in length from very short (a couple of pages) to 10 pages and they will be judged based on the expected level of interest for the SMT community. They will be included in the informal proceedings.

- Original papers: contain original research (simultaneous submissions are not allowed[*]) and sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the submission. For papers reporting experimental results, authors are strongly encouraged to make their data available. Original papers should not exceed 12 pages (excluding references).

- Presentation-only papers: describe work recently published or submitted and will not be included in the proceedings. We see this as a way to provide additional access to important developments that SMT Workshop attendees may be unaware of. Presentation-only papers may be submitted as originally published, if published elsewhere, and should not exceed 12 pages otherwise.

Papers in all three categories will be peer-reviewed. All papers should be in standard-conforming PDF. Technical details may be included in an appendix to be read at the reviewers' discretion. Final versions should be prepared in LaTeX using the CEURART style file. The page limit does not include references. Proceedings shall be submitted to CEUR-WS.org for online publication.

[*] Due to deadline conflicts, we will allow resubmissions from SAT. They will be turned into presentation-only papers in case of acceptance at both SAT and SMT. The title of such submissions must include “(SAT resubmission)”.

### Invited Speakers

TBA

### Program Chairs

* Jochen Hoenicke – Certora
* Sophie Tourret – Inria

### Program Committee

* Haniel Barbosa – Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Brazil
* Nikolaj Bjørner 	– Microsoft, US
* Maria Paola Bonacina – Università degli Studi di Verona, Italy
* Guillaume Bury – OCamlPro, France
* Bruno Dutertre – Amazon Web Services, US
* Katalin Fazekas – TU Wien, Austria
* Pascal Fontaine – Université de Liège, Belgium
* Florian Frohn – RWTH Aachen University, Germany
* Alessandro Gianola – Lisbon University, Portugal
* Stéphane Graham-Lengrand – SRI International, US
* Alberto Griggio – Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy
* Martin Jonáš – Masaryk University, Czechia
* Alexander Nadel – Technion & Intel, Israel
* Aina Niemetz – Stanford University, US
* Mathias Preiner – Stanford University, US
* Philipp Rümmer – University of Regensburg, Germany
* Hans-Jörg Schurr – University of Iowa, US
* Natasha Sharygina – University of Lugano, Switzerland
* Cesare Tinelli – The University of Iowa, US
* Yoni Zohar – Bar-Ilan University, Israel

### Contact

All questions about submissions should be emailed to the PC chairs.


