---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2025 Call for Workshops"
author: Marc Vinyals
deadline: 2025-03-20
tags: SAT CFW Deadline
shorttitle: SAT'25 Call for Workshops
excerpt: "Invitation to submit proposals for workshops to be held at the 2025 SAT conference."
link: http://satisfiability.org/SAT25/cfw/
---

## Call For Workshop Proposals

**Twenty Eighth International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2025) and the Thirty First Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP 2025)**

**August 10-15, 2025, Glasgow, Scotland**

We invite proposals for workshops to be held immediately before the main conferences in Glasgow, UK. Workshops offer an opportunity for in-depth discussions, hands-on experiences, and focused exploration of specific areas connected to constraint programming, SAT solving, and related topics.

Given the co-location of the CP and SAT conferences, we especially encourage proposals for workshops of interest to both communities. Some example topics from recent years are pragmatics of constraint reasoning, constraint modelling and SAT/SMT encodings, counting and sampling, logic-based methods in ML, CP-SAT solving, proof complexity, certifying algorithms, and logic and search. Proposals of interest to a single community, either on previously covered topics or new topics, are also welcome.

While you are free to have a traditional workshop with submitted papers, we also encourage new ideas and formats that could foster more interaction from your audience. We encourage in particular short papers and position papers, a lightweight review process, and poster sessions.

## Important dates

* Proposal submission: March 20, 2025
* Notification of decisions: March 30, 2025
* Workshops: August 10-11, 2025
* Main conferences: August 12-15, 2025

## Proposal Submission Guidelines

Workshop proposals are to be submitted by email to the workshop chairs and will be reviewed by the workshop chairs together with the program and conference chairs.

The submission procedure is meant to be light-weight, but to facilitate the process we ask that proposals contain the following information:

* **Title**
* **Scope**: Workshop’s theme and its relevance to CP, SAT, or both.
* **Abstract**: A brief description (up to 120 words) of the event, outlining the scope and the goals, to be included in the website and publicity material.
* **History** (if applicable), including number of past attendees.
* **Organizers**: Names, affiliations, contact information, brief bio, and relevant chairing experience (if any).
* **Duration** (1/2, 1 or 2 days).
* **Motivation and Target Audience**: Brief motivation for the workshop, intended participants, and estimated audience size.
* **Format**: Description of the workshop format, including planned activities, sessions, and duration.
* **Call for Papers**: Plans for soliciting and reviewing workshop papers (if applicable), including relevant dates.
* **Special Requirements**: Any specific technical or logistical requirements for the workshop.
* **Funding**: Availability of any sponsorship specific to the workshop and any financial support request from the conference.

## Responsibilities of the Workshop Organizers

The workshop organizers are responsible for:

* Creating calls for abstracts (or papers) and calls for participation, and distributing them on specialist channels not used by the conference organizing committee.
* The call for abstracts (or papers), if any, must clearly describe the review & selection process and indicate that at least one author of every accepted abstract (or paper) must attend the workshop and pay the workshop fees; otherwise the presentation (and paper) will be withdrawn from the proceedings (if any) and program.
* Creating and publishing, in a timely manner, a webpage including all the relevant calls and information pertaining to the workshop.
* Providing a short description for the conference program.
* Reviewing and selecting abstract (or paper) submissions.
* Scheduling the presentations within the workshop.

## Responsibilities of the Conference Organizing Committee

The responsibility of the conference organization is to:

* Publicize the workshop calls.
* Publicize the workshop program as a whole.
* Coordinate the allocation of time blocks for each workshop.

## Contact Information

For inquiries and submissions, please contact the workshop chairs [Zeynep Kiziltan](zeynep.kiziltan@unibo.it) and [Marc Vinyals](marc.vinyals@auckland.ac.nz).
