---
layout: post
title: "SAT 2025 Call for Papers"
author: Jakob Nordström
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SAT'25 paper submission
excerpt: "SAT'25 will take place August 10-15 in Glasgow, Scotland. Submissions (long papers, short papers, tool papers) are expected by March 27th AoE (abstracts due March 20th AoE)."
link: http://satisfiability.org/SAT25/
deadline: 2025-03-27
---

    AT A GLANCE

    28th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing
    University of Glasgow, August 10-15, 2025
    Abstract registration deadline: March 20, 2025
    Submission deadline: March 27, 2025
    Conference website: https://satisfiability.org/SAT25/
    Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sat2025

SUMMARY OF CALL FOR PAPERS

Please note that this is just a summary --- see [the full call](https://satisfiability.org/SAT25/cfp/) with all nitty-gritty details.

### Scope

SAT 2025 is the 28th edition of the International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing. The scope of SAT 2025 includes all aspects of the theory and applications of propositional satisfiability broadly construed. This includes paradigms such as Boolean optimization using, e.g., MaxSAT and pseudo-Boolean (PB) solving, quantified Boolean formulas (QBF), satisfiability modulo theories (SMT), model counting, constraint programming (CP), and integer linear programming (ILP) for problems with clear connections to Boolean-level reasoning. This year the 31st International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP) will be co-located with SAT and will have deadlines and reviewing process synchronized with SAT 2025.

Topics of interest for the SAT 2025 conference include but are not limited to:

- Theoretical advances (including algorithms, proof complexity, parameterized complexity, and other complexity issues)
- Practical search algorithms
- Knowledge compilation
- Implementation-level details of SAT and SMT solving tools and SAT/SMT-based systems
- Problem encodings and reformulations
- Applications (including both novel applications domains and improvements to existing approaches)
- Case studies and reports on scientific findings based on rigorous experimentation

### Paper Categories

Submissions to SAT 2025 are invited in the following three categories:

- Long papers (9 to 15 pages, excluding references and appendices)
- Short papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices)
- Tool papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices)

### Submission

Submissions should not be under review or submitted elsewhere while under review for SAT 2025, and should not consist of previously published material. Submissions not consistent with these guidelines may be returned without review. The chairs reserve the right to coordinate with the chairs of other conferences to investigate suspected cases of concurrent submissions. Submissions should be made via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sat2025 and papers must be formatted in the LIPIcs LaTeX style available at https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/LIPIcs#author .

### Important Dates

- Abstract registration: March 20, 2025 AoE
- Full paper submission: March 27, 2025 AoE
- Author response: May 5-9, 2025 AoE
- Notification of decisions: May 29, 2025 AoE
- Camera-ready version submission: Early June.
- Workshops and Doctoral Program: August 10-11, 2024
- Conference: August 12-15, 2024

### Proceedings

Accepted papers will be published as conference proceedings in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) as a free, open electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published under a CC-BY license.

### Full Call for Papers for SAT 2025

Please see https://satisfiability.org/SAT25/cfp/ for the full call for papers.
