---
layout: post
title:  "Call for Papers: 2nd Workshop on Composite AI (CompAI-25)"
shorttitle: "CompAI-25 paper submission"
author: "Tomáš Balyo"
tags: CFP Deadline
excerpt: "The 2nd Workshop on Composite AI (CompAI-25), co-located with IJCAI 2025 Montreal, Canada, August 16–22, 2025 is waiting for your contributions by May 9"
link: https://filuta.ai/compai25
deadline: 2025-05-09
---

    2nd Workshop on Composite AI (CompAI-25) co-located with IJCAI 2025, Montreal, Canada, August 16–22, 2025
    
    Email: compai25@filuta.ai

### Aim and Scope

Recent rapid growth of AI has shown the potential to revolutionize most of the everyday aspects of human lives. The field of AI is traditionally divided into a number of subfields such as Machine Learning, Knowledge and Reasoning, Planning and Scheduling, SAT solving, Computer Vision (and others) that are usually pursued individually. But the challenges of real-world applications are often too hard for a single AI approach. Hence there is a need for Composite AI, which integrates several different AI approaches that complement each other to solve the problem. Development of Composite AI system is still a bit immature and mostly ad-hoc. The workshop aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners from different AI subfields to discuss challenges that they currently face and to initiate a discussion about the benefits and challenges of Composite AI.

### Topics (not limited to)

- SMT (SAT modulo theory)
- planning modulo theory
- hybrid planning
- smart web service composition
- neurosymbolic AI
- LLM + Symbolic AI
- cognitive architectures
- industrial applications with composite AI
- foundations of composite AI
- agentic AI

### Important Dates

- Paper submission deadline: May 9th 2025
- Notification: June 6th 2025
- Final version: June 30th 2025
- Workshop date: August 16th-18th 2025 (one day workshop)

### Submission Details

- Full papers (7+1 pages) - Technical papers describing original research in the area of Composite AI
- Short papers (4+1 pages) - Short technical papers, position papers and papers describing important challenges in the area of Composite AI

All papers must be submitted in a PDF format and must conform to the IJCAI formatting. The extra page can only be used for acknowledgments and references. 

The reviewing process will be single-blind.

The submission is done [via EasyChair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=compai2025).

### Organizing Committee

- Lukáš Chrpa, Filuta AI & Czech Technical University in Prague, Czechia 
- Filip Dvořák, Filuta AI, Czechia
- Uwe Köckemann, Örebro University, Sweden
- Tomáš Balyo, Filuta AI, Czechia
- Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague & Filuta AI, Czechia

