---
layout: post
title: "SC-Square 2026: 10th International Workshop on Satisfiability Checking and Symbolic Computation"
author: Katherine Kosaian
tags: CFP SAT Deadline
shorttitle: SC-Square 2026 paper submission
excerpt: "The 11th SC-Square Workshop is a satellite event of ISSAC, held at the University of Oldenburg in Germany, from July 13 to 17, 2026."
link: https://www.sc-square.org/CSA/workshop11.html
deadline: 2026-04-17
---


The 11th SC-Square Workshop is a satellite event of ISSAC, held at the University of Oldenburg in Germany, from July 13 to 17, 2026.

[SC-Square Workshop website](https://www.sc-square.org/CSA/workshop11.html)

[ISSAC conference website](https://www.issac-conference.org/2026/)

### Key Dates

- Abstract submission: April 10, 2026
- Submission deadline: April 17, 2026
- Notification: May 22, 2026
- Final version: June 1, 2026
- Workshop date: July 13, 2026

### Scope

Symbolic Computation is concerned with the efficient algorithmic determination of exact solutions to complicated mathematical problems. Satisfiability Checking has recently started to tackle similar problems but with different algorithmic and technological solutions.

The two communities share many central interests, but researchers from these two communities rarely interact. Also, the lack of common or compatible interfaces for tools is an obstacle to their fruitful combination. Bridges between the communities in the form of common platforms and road-maps are necessary to initiate an exchange, and to support and direct their interaction. The aim of this workshop is to provide an opportunity to discuss, share knowledge and experience across both communities.

Invited Speakers
Anna Maria Bigatti (Università degli Studi di Genova, Italy)
Mahsa Shirmohammadi (CNRS, Université Paris Cité, France)

### Submitting to the Workshop

The workshop series has emerged from an H2020 FETOPEN CSA project "SC-Square", which ran from 2016 to 2018. It has been continued aiming at building bridges between Satisfiability Checking and Symbolic Computation. It is open for submission and participation to everyone interested in the topics, whether or not they were members or associates of the original project.

The topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- Computer Algebra and Symbolic Computation (CA)
- Satisfiability Checking (SAT/SMT) 
- Algorithms for logical theories of arithmetics, including quantifier elimination and decision procedures
- Computational Geometry
- Algorithmic Group Theory
- Formalized mathematics, especially in interactive theorem provers
- Tools in SAT/SMT/CA, including tools that combine Symbolic Computation and Satisfiability Checking 
- Applications relying on Symbolic Computation or on Satisfiability Checking, including hybrid systems and controls

### Submission guidelines

Submissions should be in English, formatted in Springer LNCS style and submitted via 
https://hotcrp.software.imdea.org/scsquare/ 

We invite four types of submissions:

(1) FULL PAPERS on research, case studies or tool development should present unpublished work not submitted elsewhere (with a limit of 16 pages, not counting references)

(2) EXTENDED ABSTRACTS on research, case studies or tool development should present unpublished (potentially ongoing) work not submitted elsewhere (3–5 pages, not counting references)

(3) SHORT SURVEYS that describe/explain an existing body of work in an original way (5–8 pages, not counting references)

(4) PRESENTATION-ONLY submissions on already published work, work to be published elsewhere, or work in progress on SC-Square related open problems or future challenges. Please submit an abstract for approval by the PC (with a limit of 2 pages).

To receive the appropriate level of peer review, please select the relevant category for your paper on the submission site.

For consistency, all submissions must use the LNCS style. Current lncs latex files are available from "LaTeX2e Proceedings Templates download" at:
https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines

We plan to publish the proceedings of the workshop in digital form, hosted with CEUR-WS (see http://ceur-ws.org/).
People from industry and business are warmly invited to submit papers to describe their problems, challenges, goals, and expectations for the SC-Square community.

### Workshop Co-Chairs

- Katherine Kosaian (University of Iowa, USA)
- Alessio Mansutti (Imdea Software Institute, Spain)

### Program Committee

- Kyungmin Bae (Pohang University of Science and Technology, South Korea)
- Rizeng Chen (Peking University, China)
- Xin Chen (University of New Mexico, US)
- Ruiwen Dong (University of Oxford, UK)
- Matthew England (Coventry University, UK)
- Stéphane Graham-Lengrand (SRI, US)
- Alberto Griggio (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy)
- Hoon Hong (North Carolina State University, US)
- Dejan Jovanovic (AWS, US)
- Ariel Kellison (Code Metal, US)
- George Kenison (KU Leuven, Belgium)
- Hanna Lachnitt (Stanford University, US)
- Pierre Mathonet (Université de Liège, Belgium)
- Guillaume Melquiond (Inria and ENS Lyon, France)
- Marc Moreno Maza (University of Western Ontario, Canada)
- Mathias Preiner (Stanford University, US)
- Philipp Rümmer (University of Regensburg, Germany)
- Mohab Safey El Din (Sorbonne Université, France)
- Žaneta Semanišinová (TU Dresden, Germany)
- Zhikun She (Beihang University, China)