---
layout: post
title: "CFP - Soft Constraints, Discrete Optimization, and Machine Learning (SOFT'26)"
author: Jakob Nordström
tags: CFW Deadline
deadline: 2026-05-15
shorttitle: SOFT'26 paper submission
excerpt: SOFT 2026 will be part of the Federated Logic Conference 2026.
link:   https://hub.imt-atlantique.fr/soft2026
---

This  workshop  aims  to  bring  together  researchers  on constraint
reasoning,  optimization, and  learning  to  present recent advances,
share  ongoing   work,  and  discuss  future   directions  for hybrid
approaches that  combine discrete  optimization with  machine learning
and data mining.

Topics of Interest (but are not restricted to):

- Max-SAT
- Max-SMT
- Markov Random Field
- Pseudo-Boolean Optimization
- Soft global constraints
- Weighted CSP
- Integer Programming
- Combining discrete optimization with machine learning for better
  solver design.
- Data-driven strategies to guide search heuristics, branching, or
  propagation.
- Using machine learning and data mining techniques to guide search.
- Integrating deep neural networks to improve solvers.

### Submissions

The  aim of  this workshop  is to  provide a  forum where researchers
currently working in  this area can exchange their  ideas, discuss new
developments  and explore  possible future  directions. Therefore,  we
welcome and encourage three types of submission:

1)  Work in  progress and  Original work.  Submissions of  an extended
abstract  or  a full  paper,  up  to 15  pages  in  the LIPIcs format
(https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/LIPIcs#author), about
unpublished ideas  will be reviewed  by a double-blind process and if
accepted  and  the  authors  agree  the final  version  will be made
available on the workshop website.

1)  Already published  work. Authors  who are  interested in giving a
presentation  to  the  workshop's   audience  may  submit their work
non-anonymously   while   indicating   where  this   work   has been
published. We  will only accept work  which has been published in the
last calendar year (e.g., CPAIOR 2025, CP 2025, ECAI 2025, IJCAI 2025,
AAAI 2026, and any journal or conference held after May 2025).

1) Papers  not selected for  the main CP conference.   Decisions about
acceptance of these papers will be based on their reviews.

Contributions should be submitted in the form of a PDF file, following
LIPIcs guidelines, using the link https://submissions.floc26.org/soft/

The  type of  submission as  defined  above should  be clearly stated
during the submission. At least one author of each accepted paper must
attend the workshop.

This  workshop is  open  to all  members of  the  FLoC community. All
workshop participants must pay the workshop fee.

### Important Dates

- Paper Submission deadline           May 15th
- Notification of acceptance          May 28th
- Early CP registration deadline      June 1st
- Final version deadline              June 30th
- Workshop Date                       July 24th

### Organizers

    Simon de Givry
    INRAE MIAT, Toulouse, France.
    Email: simon.de-givry @ inrae.fr
    Web: https://miat.inrae.fr/degivry

    Samir Loudni
    DAPI, IMT Atlantique, Nantes, France.
    Email: samir.loudni @ imt-atlantique.fr
    Web: https://cv.hal.science/samir-loudni

### Program Committee

- Quentin Cappart, UCLouvain, Belgium and Polytechnique Montréal, Canada
- Tias Gun, KU Leuven, Belgium
- George Katsirelos, INRAE Paris Saclay, France
- Elias B. Khalil, University of Toronto, Canada
- Javier Larrosa, UPC, Barcelona, Spain
- Jakob Nordström, University of Copenhagen, Denmark, and Lund University, Sweden
- Albert Oliveras, UPC, Barcelona, Spain
- Thomas Schiex, INRAE Toulouse, France
- Sylvie Thiebaux, LAAS, Toulouse, France